Prompt 1:
The head of a conservative Republican faction in the U.S. Congress , who voted this month for a huge expansion of the national debt to pay for tax cuts , called himself a “ fiscal

Prompt 2:
Transgender people will be allowed for the first time to enlist in the U.S. military starting on Monday as ordered by federal courts , the Pentagon said on Friday , after President Donald Trump ’

Prompt 3:
The special counsel investigation of links between Russia and President Trump ’ s 2016 election campaign should continue without interference in 2018 , despite calls from some Trump administration allies and Republican lawmakers to shut

Prompt 4:
Trump campaign adviser George Papadopoulos told an Australian diplomat in May 2016 that Russia had political dirt on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton , the New York Times reported on Saturday . The conversation between

Prompt 5:
President Donald Trump called on the U.S . Postal Service on Friday to charge “ much more ” to ship packages for Amazon ( AMZN.O ) , picking another fight with an online retail giant

Prompt 6:
The White House said on Friday it was set to kick off talks next week with Republican and Democratic congressional leaders on immigration policy , government spending and other issues that need to be wrapped

Prompt 7:
President Donald Trump said on Thursday he believes he will be fairly treated in a special counsel investigation into Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election , but said he did not know how long

Prompt 8:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 9:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 10:
Alabama Secretary of State John Merrill said he will certify Democratic Senator-elect Doug Jones as winner on Thursday despite opponent Roy Moore ’ s challenge , in a phone call on CNN . Moore ,

Prompt 11:
Alabama officials on Thursday certified Democrat Doug Jones the winner of the state ’ s U.S. Senate race , after a state judge denied a challenge by Republican Roy Moore , whose campaign was derailed

Prompt 12:
The new U.S. tax code targets high-tax states and may be unconstitutional , New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said on Thursday , saying that the bill may violate New York residents ’ rights to due

Prompt 13:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 14:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 15:
A man claiming to be the person who delivered a gift-wrapped package of horse manure at the Los Angeles home of U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Monday he did it to protest the

Prompt 16:
A lottery drawing to settle a tied Virginia legislative race that could shift the statehouse balance of power has been indefinitely postponed , state election officials said on Tuesday , after the Democratic candidate mounted

Prompt 17:
A Georgian-American businessman who met then-Miss Universe pageant owner Donald Trump in 2013 , has been questioned by congressional investigators about whether he helped organize a meeting between Russians and Trump ’ s eldest son

Prompt 18:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 19:
A U.S. appeals court in Washington on Tuesday upheld a lower court ’ s decision to allow President Donald Trump ’ s commission investigating voter fraud to request data on voter rolls from U.S. states

Prompt 20:
A gift-wrapped package addressed to U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin ’ s home in a posh Los Angeles neighborhood that was suspected of being a bomb was instead filled with horse manure , police told

Prompt 21:
A federal judge in Seattle partially blocked U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s newest restrictions on refugee admissions on Saturday , the latest legal defeat for his efforts to curtail immigration and travel to the

Prompt 22:
The U.S. Justice Department has issued new guidelines for immigration judges that remove some instructions for how to protect unaccompanied juveniles appearing in their courtrooms . A Dec. 20 memo , issued by the Executive

Prompt 23:
A U.S. appeals court on Friday said President Donald Trump ’ s hotly contested travel ban targeting people from six Muslim-majority countries should not be applied to people with strong U.S. ties . The 9th

Prompt 24:
A federal appeals court in Washington on Friday rejected a bid by President Donald Trump ’ s administration to prevent the U.S. military from accepting transgender recruits starting Jan. 1 , the second court to

Prompt 25:
Peru ’ s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski could end up the surprise winner of an attempt to oust him from power this week , after some opposition lawmakers broke ranks with party leaders to support

Prompt 26:
U.S. President Donald Trump signed Republicans ’ massive $ 1.5 trillion tax overhaul into law on Friday , cementing the biggest legislative victory of his first year in office , and also approved a short-term

Prompt 27:
U.S. financial regulators said on Friday that because the new tax bill could make timely financial reporting difficult , public companies can make reasonable estimates when uncertain of the impact of the new tax law

Prompt 28:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 29:
Mexico ’ s finance ministry will evaluate whether to make fiscal changes in response to the U.S. tax reform , according to a document seen by Reuters on Friday . In the document , the

Prompt 30:
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Friday said a shifting landscape will lead him to work with Democrats on immigration and financial regulation early in the new year , following a year of acrimony

Prompt 31:
Democrat Doug Jones ’ surprise victory over Republican Roy Moore in this month ’ s special U.S. Senate election will be certified on Dec. 28 , Alabama state officials said on Friday . Jones will

Prompt 32:
A summer spat between President Donald Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has turned into a warm embrace - and all it took was a sweeping rewrite of the U.S. tax code . For

Prompt 33:
Steve Bannon , a former top White House strategist and a former chief campaign aide to Donald Trump , has been asked to testify before the U.S. House of Representatives intelligence panel next month ,

Prompt 34:
Callista Gingrich , wife of the former speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives , on Friday became U.S. ambassador to the Vatican , which is at odds with Washington over immigration , climate change

Prompt 35:
In the Fox & Hound sports bar , next to a shopping mall in suburban Philadelphia , four Democrats are giving speeches to potential voters as they begin their journey to try to unseat Republican

Prompt 36:
The U.S. State Department has told refugee agencies it will sharply pare back the number of offices across the country authorized to resettle people in 2018 as President Donald Trump cuts the number of refugees

Prompt 37:
The U.S. Congress on Thursday averted a government shutdown just one day before federal funding was due to expire , sending President Donald Trump a bill to provide just enough money to keep agencies operating

Prompt 38:
The U.S. Congress on Thursday approved a temporary funding bill to prevent federal agencies from shutting down at midnight Friday when existing money was set to expire . The following are the major items that

Prompt 39:
A federal judge in New York on Thursday threw out a lawsuit that had accused President Donald Trump of violating the U.S. Constitution by accepting foreign payments through his hotels and other businesses , handing

Prompt 40:
Legislation to provide $ 81 billion in new disaster aid for U.S. states , Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands was put on hold by the Senate on Thursday amid attacks from both Republicans

Prompt 41:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 42:
The ethics probe into U.S. Representative Blake Farenthold , who is already under a cloud for alleged sexual misconduct , is being expanded to look into whether he mixed his political campaign with congressional work

Prompt 43:
A federal appeals court in Virginia on Thursday rejected a bid by President Donald Trump ’ s administration to prevent the U.S. military from accepting transgender recruits starting Jan. 1 . The administration had urged

Prompt 44:
The U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday approved an $ 81 billion bill to help widespread recovery efforts from hurricanes and wildfires this year . By a vote of 251-169 , the House passed the

Prompt 45:
Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives rallied behind Special Counsel Robert Mueller on Thursday , after recent attempts by Republicans and conservative news outlets to discredit him and his probe into Russian interference in

Prompt 46:
A second U.S. judge on Thursday blocked President Donald Trump ’ s administration from enforcing new rules that undermine an Obamacare requirement for employers to provide insurance that covers women ’ s birth control .

Prompt 47:
Two U.S. senators on Thursday urged federal authorities to halt the planned expansion of a $ 1 billion airport facial scanning program , saying the technology used to identify travelers on some flights departing from

Prompt 48:
U.S . Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke on Thursday launched an effort to reduce U.S. dependence on foreign supplies of critical minerals used in smartphones , computers and military equipment , which he said poses a

Prompt 49:
The U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday took a step toward averting a partial government shutdown at the end of this week , approving rules to debate a bill that would fund federal agencies through

Prompt 50:
The leaders of the U.S. intelligence community on Thursday pressed Congress to renew the National Security Agency ’ s expiring surveillance law , warning in a rare public statement that national security may be endangered

Prompt 51:
U.S. President Donald Trump called on the Republican Congress to pass a short-term government spending bill later on Thursday to avoid a shutdown when current funding expires at midnight on Friday . Republicans in the

Prompt 52:
The Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives gave final approval on Wednesday to the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax code in 30 years , sending a sweeping $ 1.5 trillion tax bill to President Donald

Prompt 53:
Passage of a long-anticipated U.S. tax overhaul has up-ended the bond market ’ s favorite trade of the year as yields on some long-dated Treasuries shot to their highest in months , but doubts that

Prompt 54:
Republican leaders in the U.S. House of Representatives are working to build support to temporarily extend the National Security Agency ’ s expiring internet surveillance program by tucking it into a stop-gap funding measure ,

Prompt 55:
President Donald Trump , in a first exercise of his power to commute criminal sentences , cut short the 27-year prison term of a kosher meatpacking executive who was convicted eight years ago of bank

Prompt 56:
U.S. immigration officials sought to block a federal judge ’ s order delaying efforts to deport 51 Indonesians living illegally in New Hampshire , saying they have not shown they would face harm if repatriated

Prompt 57:
U.S. Democratic Senator Al Franken , who earlier this month announced his plan to resign following sexual misconduct allegations against him , will step down on Jan. 2 , a representative for the lawmaker said

Prompt 58:
Republican leaders in the U.S. House of Representatives are working to build support to temporarily extend the National Security Agency ’ s expiring internet surveillance program by tucking it into a stop-gap funding measure ,

Prompt 59:
The top Democrat on the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee , responding to escalating Republican attacks on Special Counsel Robert Mueller , said on Wednesday that if President Donald Trump fires Mueller , it “ has

Prompt 60:
Democratic-leaning states may take legal action to challenge the cap on deductions of state and local taxes under the sweeping overhaul of the U.S. tax code , and even though such lawsuits would face long

Prompt 61:
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Wednesday said he would bring a “ Dreamers ” immigration bill to the Senate floor if bipartisan negotiations between senators and the Trump administration produce an agreement by

Prompt 62:
Sweeping tax code changes aimed at keeping U.S. companies from shifting profits offshore to avoid taxes will not affect the battered economy of Puerto Rico , a senior White House official said on Wednesday .

Prompt 63:
The tax bill is President Donald Trump ’ s biggest legislative victory this year , but Democratic strategists are already planning how to turn it into his biggest liability . The emotional trigger they think

Prompt 64:
Republicans could hold onto control of Virginia ’ s legislature after a race that had appeared to change the balance of power was ruled a tie on Wednesday , setting the stage for the winner

Prompt 65:
Senator Lisa Murkowski , an Alaska Republican , won a decades-long battle on Wednesday to open part of an Arctic wildlife reserve in her state to oil and gas drilling , but Democratic senators and

Prompt 66:
Senator John Cornyn , the No . 2 Senate Republican , is trying to win support from the Midwest corn lobby for a broad legislative overhaul of the nation ’ s biofuels policy , according

Prompt 67:
The two Democratic candidates running for governor in Georgia are both lawyers and former state legislators . Both are women , and on many policy issues it ’ s hard to tell them apart .

Prompt 68:
Virginia Democrat Shelly Simonds won a seat in the House of Delegates by one vote , changing the power balance in the state legislature and extending a tide of Democratic victories beginning with November ’

Prompt 69:
The FBI ’ S deputy director , Andrew McCabe , will appear for a closed-door interview on Thursday with two key U.S. congressional committees , after Republicans asked him to discuss the bureau ’ s

Prompt 70:
The White House expects the U.S. Congress to soon waive a rule known as “ Paygo ” that could trigger deep spending cuts in areas such as Medicare and agriculture in order to cover the

Prompt 71:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 72:
The U.S. House of Representatives gave final approval on Wednesday to a sweeping , debt-financed tax bill in a midday vote . It now will go to President Donald Trump to sign into law ,

Prompt 73:
U.S. President Donald Trump said he believed the financial markets have not fully absorbed the tax cut changes in legislation expected to be passed by Congress on Wednesday . “ They ’ re thinking that

Prompt 74:
A short-term fix to fund the Children ’ s Health Insurance Program into January will likely be part of a stop-gap government funding bill Congress is expected to approve this week , White House legislative

Prompt 75:
Wealthy business owners , such as President Donald Trump , stand to gain from a provision in the Republican tax bill that creates a valuable deduction for owners of pass-through businesses , Democrats and some

Prompt 76:
The U.S. tax overhaul as currently proposed will make housing less affordable , according to nearly half of the property market experts polled by Reuters , with another third saying it would not do anything

Prompt 77:
Sweeping U.S. tax legislation appears to be on the verge of approval , lifting the prospects in particular for banks , telecoms , transports and other industries that stand to gain the most from lower

Prompt 78:
Eight months into his lifetime U.S. Supreme Court appointment , Neil Gorsuch has given every indication through his votes in key cases and remarks from the bench he will be a stalwart of the conservative

Prompt 79:
Two Republican lawmakers told the U.S. Department of Justice on Tuesday that they want to question three senior FBI officials about an investigation of then-Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton over her handling of classified information

Prompt 80:
Near the end of President Donald Trump ’ s rocky first year in office , White House aides view imminent victory on a tax overhaul as a starting point to strengthen his weak approval ratings

Prompt 81:
The U.S. Congress is struggling through another contentious week as infighting over defense spending , healthcare and other matters complicates the drive to pass a temporary spending bill by midnight on Friday to avert a

Prompt 82:
The U.S. Congress is weighing military spending , healthcare and other major decisions tied to a temporary funding bill to keep the government operating beyond Friday , as lawmakers rush to begin a year-end recess

Prompt 83:
The U.S. Senate parliamentarian has ruled against three provision of the Republican tax bill , forcing the House of Representatives to hold a second vote on the legislation , Senator Bernie Sanders said on Tuesday

Prompt 84:
The U.S. Senate Banking Committee rejected U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s nominee to head the U.S. Export-Import Bank on Tuesday but approved four other board nominees , enough to restore the trade bank ’

Prompt 85:
The No . 2 Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Tuesday the House would likely need to vote again on tax legislation on Wednesday morning given that Democrats in the Senate were

Prompt 86:
The Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives approved sweeping , debt-financed tax legislation on Tuesday , sending the bill to the Senate , where lawmakers were due to take up the package later in the evening

Prompt 87:
The Republican-led U.S. Senate voted on Tuesday to begin debate on sweeping tax legislation , setting the stage for lawmakers to hold their final vote on the tax cut package later in the evening .

Prompt 88:
Lawmakers of both parties are working on legislation that would make members of Congress liable for settlements of sexual harassment claims against them , as new data shows public funds have been used to settle

Prompt 89:
A coalition of nearly 20 environmental and Native American tribal groups sued the Trump administration on Tuesday , challenging its delay of a rule limiting emissions of the powerful greenhouse gas methane from oil and

Prompt 90:
Steny Hoyer , the No . 2 Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives , said on Tuesday that House Democratic leaders are asking their rank-and-file members to vote against a stopgap government funding bill

Prompt 91:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will preside over the Senate ’ s vote on sweeping tax legislation , his office confirmed on Tuesday . “ The @ VP will preside over the historic vote ,

Prompt 92:
The U.S. Senate will vote on final tax legislation on Tuesday evening , Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said , potentially allowing President Donald Trump to sign the bill into law as early as Wednesday

Prompt 93:
The Republican-controlled U.S. Congress appeared all but certain to pass sweeping tax legislation this week after two Senate Republican holdouts agreed on Monday to support a tax overhaul backed by President Donald Trump . As

Prompt 94:
A U.S. District Court judge ruled on Monday that President Donald Trump ’ s administration must allow access to abortion for two pregnant teenagers who are in the country illegally , escalating a high-profile legal

Prompt 95:
Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives unveiled on Monday an $ 81 billion aid package to deal with hurricanes and wildfires , far above President Donald Trump ’ s $ 44 billion request .

Prompt 96:
The chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Appropriations Committee introduced a bill on Monday to provide $ 81 billion in emergency aid for recent hurricanes and wildfires . The legislation includes $ 27.6 billion

Prompt 97:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday said he plans to nominate Liberty University School of Law professor Caren Harp to oversee the Justice Department ’ s Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention . If

Prompt 98:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 99:
Two members of President Donald Trump ’ s Cabinet are set to visit Puerto Rico on Tuesday to assess the U.S. territory ’ s rebuilding in the three months since Hurricane Maria devastated homes ,

Prompt 100:
The U.S. Senate will not consider an immigration bill as part of year-end legislation but will turn to a measure protecting immigrant youths known as “ Dreamers ” in January , No . 2 Senate

Prompt 101:
Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren is taking aim at budget chief Mick Mulvaney ’ s plan to fill the ranks of the U.S. consumer financial watchdog with political allies , according to letters seen by Reuters

Prompt 102:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s administration said on Monday that Russia interferes in the domestic political affairs of countries globally , but stopped short of accusing Moscow of meddling in the 2016 U.S. election

Prompt 103:
Republican U.S . Senator Susan Collins said on Monday she would vote for the sweeping tax overhaul her party ’ s leaders hope to push through Congress this week , all but ensuring its passage

Prompt 104:
WASHINGTON ( ) - The top Democrat on the Senate environment committee on Monday asked the Environmental Protection Agency ’ s internal watchdog to audit a recent trip to Morocco by the agency ’ s

Prompt 105:
U.S. Republican Senator Mike Lee of Utah said on Monday that he will support legislation to overhaul the U.S. tax system , leaving only two Republicans undecided as the bill approaches a final Senate vote

Prompt 106:
President Donald Trump unveiled a new national security strategy on Monday , calling for Pakistan to take decisive action against terrorism and saying Washington had to deal with the challenge posed by North Korea ’

Prompt 107:
A lawyer nominated by President Donald Trump to serve as a federal judge withdrew from consideration on Monday after video of his Senate confirmation hearing showing him unable to provide answers to rudimentary legal questions

Prompt 108:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday that the derailment of a train , which sent train cars crashing onto a major highway and killed passengers , in Washington state showed the necessity of an

Prompt 109:
Congressional Republicans on Friday unveiled the final version of their dramatic U.S. tax overhaul - debt-financed cuts for businesses , the wealthy and some middle-class Americans - and picked up crucial support from two wavering

Prompt 110:
The U.S. Congress is expected to vote this week on sweeping , debt-financed tax legislation . Here are key parts of the bill . CORPORATE TAX RATE : Cuts corporate income tax rate to 21

Prompt 111:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday defended a Republican tax-cut plan against Democratic charges that it favors the rich , saying it will be “ one of the great Christmas gifts ” for the middle

Prompt 112:
The Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives is expected to vote on sweeping tax legislation early Tuesday afternoon , aides said , bringing President Donald Trump ’ s goal of overhauling the U.S. tax system one

Prompt 113:
White House legislative director Marc Short said he expects Congress to pass a short-term spending bill to fund the federal government at least into January , he told CNBC in an interview on Monday ,

Prompt 114:
Financial advisers and accountants are working overtime as many U.S. taxpayers scramble to pay the rest of their 2017 taxes before Jan. 1 when the proposed Republican tax overhaul would sharply cut the amount they

Prompt 115:
Top U.S. Republicans said on Sunday they expected Congress to pass a tax code overhaul this week , with a Senate vote as early as Tuesday and President Donald Trump aiming to sign the bill

Prompt 116:
Republican U.S . Senator John McCain is expected to miss an upcoming vote on a tax code overhaul , after his office said he had returned to his home in Arizona following medical treatment .

Prompt 117:
President Donald Trump , when asked on Sunday if he was considering firing U.S. special counsel Robert Mueller , told reporters , “ No . I ’ m not. ” Democratic lawmakers in recent days

Prompt 118:
An organization established for U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s transition to the White House said on Saturday the special counsel investigating allegations of Russian meddling in the 2016 election had obtained tens of thousands

Prompt 119:
Democrat Doug Jones , who scored an upset victory last week in the U.S. Senate race in Alabama , said on Sunday he did not believe President Donald Trump needed to resign over sexual misconduct

Prompt 120:
The Trump administration has told agencies within the Department of Health and Human Services to avoid using certain words or phrases in official documents being drafted for next year ’ s budget , the Washington

Prompt 121:
U.S. Representative Ruben Kihuen announced on Saturday that he will not seek re-election , becoming the latest member of Congress to end his legislative career in the face of sexual harassment allegations . The first-term

Prompt 122:
President Donald Trump will lay out a new U.S. national security strategy on Monday based on his “ America First ” policy and will , among other items , make clear that China is a

Prompt 123:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 124:
A compromise Republican tax bill released late Friday does not eliminate a $ 7,500 electric vehicle tax credit as Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives had previously proposed . The measure follows the lead

Prompt 125:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who oversees the Federal Bureau of Investigation , on Friday offered a tepid endorsement of the nation ’ s leading law enforcement agency , which has been under attack

Prompt 126:
The top U.S. Senate Democrat said on Friday he would force a vote on the Federal Communications Commission ’ s decision to repeal landmark net neutrality rules , but the move was unlikely to block

Prompt 127:
The U.S. House of Representatives Ethics Committee said on Friday it had begun an investigation into public reports that Democrat Ruben Kihuen engaged in sexual harassment , and a second lawmaker denied a former aide

Prompt 128:
Prominent Republican senators on Thursday embraced a push to overhaul rules for addressing sexual harassment in the U.S. Congress , signing on to a bill that would protect victims and require lawmakers to pay for

Prompt 129:
The Trump administration briefed congressional staff this week on how the White House was considering non-proliferation standards in a potential pact to sell nuclear reactor technology to Saudi Arabia , but did not indicate whether

Prompt 130:
A U.S. District Court judge on Friday said she would release former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort from house arrest once he meets certain conditions , expressing satisfaction that the $ 10 million he agreed

Prompt 131:
U.S. Republican Senator Bob Corker , a staunch fiscal hawk who has been a critic of emerging tax legislation , said on Friday he will support the sweeping tax overhaul that Republicans hope to approve

Prompt 132:
Republican Senator Marco Rubio signaled his support for a sweeping tax bill on Friday , saying changes that had been made at his urging to increase the refundability of a child tax credit marked “

Prompt 133:
U.S. Republican Representative Kristi Noem said on Friday that the refundable portion of an expanded child tax credit in the tax bill under negotiation on Capitol has risen to $ 1,400 from $ 1,000 ,

Prompt 134:
The chief tax writer in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Friday that Republicans had finalized a tax bill they hope to vote on next week and that details would be released in a

Prompt 135:
U.S. Republican Senator Marco Rubio will support a compromise tax bill when it comes up for a vote next week in Congress , CNBC reported on Friday , citing unnamed sources . The Florida lawmaker

Prompt 136:
U.S . Senator Ted Cruz wants to place a cap of 10 cents each on renewable fuel credits - a fraction of their current value - to help U.S. refiners cope with the nation ’

Prompt 137:
The Trump administration put new requirements in place on Friday for the 38 countries participating in the U.S. Visa Waiver Program , including that they use U.S. counterterrorism data to screen travelers , officials said

Prompt 138:
President Donald Trump called on fellow Republican Roy Moore on Friday to concede to Democrat Doug Jones in the Alabama U.S. Senate race , following the party ’ s stinging loss in the southern U.S.

Prompt 139:
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission vote on Thursday to roll back net neutrality rules could galvanize young voters , a move Democrats hope will send millennials to the polls in greater numbers and bolster their

Prompt 140:
President Donald Trump ’ s drive to win passage of a sweeping Republican tax bill in the U.S. Congress hit potential obstacles on Thursday as two more Republican senators insisted on changes , joining a

Prompt 141:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 142:
Members of the U.S. House Intelligence Committee on Thursday interviewed the head of a data analysis firm to determine whether Donald Trump ’ s election campaign team sought his help to find thousands of emails

Prompt 143:
Republican governors from four U.S. states on Thursday met with Vice President Mike Pence to voice deep concerns over proposed changes to NAFTA that could affect jobs and manufacturing in their states , officials who

Prompt 144:
Republicans in the U.S. Congress reached a deal on tax legislation on Wednesday , clearing the way for final votes next week on a package that , if approved , would be sent to President

Prompt 145:
Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has told confidants he would like to retire after the 2018 congressional elections , Politico reported on Thursday , but the Wisconsin lawmaker and an aide played down the report

Prompt 146:
U.S. Republican Representative Blake Farenthold said he would not seek re-election in November , denying allegations of sexual harassment by former staffers but admitting he allowed an unprofessional culture to flourish in his Capitol Hill

Prompt 147:
Alabama Democrat Doug Jones , who won a bitter fight for a U.S. Senate seat this week , on Thursday called on his Republican opponent to concede the race and help heal the Southern state

Prompt 148:
The surprise victory by Democrats in Tuesday ’ s Alabama election for a U.S. senator is prompting fund managers to prepare for more losses by the Republican party in the 2018 mid-term Congressional elections .

Prompt 149:
Republicans in the U.S. Congress reached a deal this week on a final version of their debt-financed legislation to cut taxes for businesses and wealthy Americans , with House and Senate votes expected early next

Prompt 150:
House Speaker Paul Ryan has told President Donald Trump a report on Thursday that Ryan was considering retiring was not true , the White House said . “ The speaker assured the president that those

Prompt 151:
The White House said on Thursday it would continue to work with Republican Senator Marco Rubio as he seeks a further expansion of a child tax credit in a tax overhaul bill , but that

Prompt 152:
U.S. Republican Senator Mike Lee has not decided whether to support a Republican tax bill and wants changes to the child tax credit , an aide to the lawmaker said on Thursday . Both Lee

Prompt 153:
The final version of comprehensive tax legislation being negotiated by House and Senate lawmakers will preserve key renewable energy tax credits that were once at risk of being removed , congressional and business sources said

Prompt 154:
The chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Ways and Means Committee indicated on Thursday that a Republican tax bill will allow property and income or sales taxes to be deducted under the state and

Prompt 155:
Republican Senator John McCain , who is receiving treatment for brain cancer and has missed votes this week , will be available next week to vote on the tax compromise bill , John Cornyn ,

Prompt 156:
A former chemical industry consultant nominated by the Trump administration to head the Environmental Protection Agency ’ s chemical safety and pollution prevention office has withdrawn his nomination , Bloomberg reported on Wednesday . Michael

Prompt 157:
North Carolina Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis said they will not support the Trump administration ’ s nominee to head the Environmental Protection Agency ’ s ( EPA ) chemical safety office , media

Prompt 158:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will delay an upcoming Middle East trip by a few days in case a tie-breaking vote is needed from him for tax cut legislation in Congress , a senior White

Prompt 159:
Kentucky state Representative Dan Johnson , who was facing sexual assault accusations , died in a probable suicide on Wednesday , Bullitt County Coroner Dave Billings said . Johnson , 57 , also the leader

Prompt 160:
White House budget director Mick Mulvaney said on Thursday he believed votes on tax overhaul legislation could occur in the Senate and House of Representatives as early as Tuesday and Wednesday , respectively . “

Prompt 161:
President Donald Trump ’ s eldest son asked a House of Representatives committee on Tuesday to investigate possible leaks of information about his Dec. 6 interview with lawmakers , as congressional probes of Russia and

Prompt 162:
Since mid-2016 , U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan has carried around a “ postcard ” that he has said shows how easy it will be for Americans to file their taxes once Republicans are finished

Prompt 163:
Congressional Republicans reached a deal on final tax legislation on Wednesday , clearing the way for final votes next week on a package that would slash the U.S. corporate tax rate to 21 percent and

Prompt 164:
Democrats said on Wednesday their U.S. Senate victory in Alabama could lead to a sweeping comeback for the party in 2018 elections , while Republicans sought to assess blame for a defeat in one of

Prompt 165:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s eldest son met with the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee on Wednesday as part of the panel ’ s investigation into Russia , the 2016 U.S. election and whether his

Prompt 166:
Republicans in the U.S. Congress reached a deal on final tax legislation on Wednesday , clearing the way for final votes next week on a package that , if approved , would be sent to

Prompt 167:
Republicans in the U.S. Congress reached a deal on final tax legislation on Wednesday , clearing the way for final votes next week on a package that , if approved , would be sent to

Prompt 168:
Minnesota ’ s Democratic Lieutenant Governor Tina Smith was appointed as U.S. senator on Wednesday to replace Al Franken , who resigned after being accused of sexual harassment . Smith , 59 , will serve

Prompt 169:
The chairman of the U.S. House Appropriations Committee on Wednesday introduced a bill to fund the government until Jan. 19 while Congress works on longer-term legislation , the panel said in a statement . The

Prompt 170:
U.S. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein on Wednesday dismissed Republican lawmakers ’ charges that government attorneys and agents investigating allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 election are biased against President Donald Trump . Republicans

Prompt 171:
U.S . Senator John McCain was undergoing treatment at a military hospital outside Washington for side effects of cancer therapy , his office said on Tuesday . McCain , 81 , who was diagnosed with

Prompt 172:
A firm that commissioned a “ dossier ” detailing links between then-presidential candidate Donald Trump ’ s campaign and Russia said in a court filing that Republicans leaked the company ’ s banking data to

Prompt 173:
Two of President Donald Trump ’ s judicial nominees will not be confirmed by the Republican-controlled U.S. Senate following criticism over controversial statements they made , a White House official said . The official said

Prompt 174:
The U.S. Embassy in London moves next month to a new billion-dollar home overlooking the River Thames — just as U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s actions have placed strains on the “ special relationship

Prompt 175:
Native American advocates launched an elaborate hoax on Wednesday , creating authentic-looking web pages of major media that purported to report that the National Football League ’ s Washington Redskins had changed their name to

Prompt 176:
The solidly Republican South suddenly looks a little less solid . Tuesday ’ s upset win by Democrat Doug Jones in Alabama , coupled with last month ’ s Democratic sweep in Virginia , has

Prompt 177:
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer on Wednesday called on Republicans to delay a vote on pending tax overhaul legislation until the new U.S. senator from Alabama , a Democrat , is seated . Schumer wants

Prompt 178:
Republican U.S . Senator Bob Corker on Wednesday said he was still undecided on whether to support his party ’ s tax legislation even as congressional Republicans announced a deal on a final plan .

Prompt 179:
Virginia officials started recounts on Wednesday in the first of four state House of Delegates races , a process that could lead to a Democratic takeover of the chamber after the party ’ s historic

Prompt 180:
President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would accept a corporate tax rate of 21 percent and would sign a bill with that number . The White House has previously said it preferred a 20

Prompt 181:
U.S. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said on Wednesday that Republicans in the Senate and House of Representatives had reached a deal on tax reform legislation . Asked by reporters , if an agreement

Prompt 182:
The top Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Wednesday that Congress was working on a package of reforms that would prohibit using taxpayer money for settlements in sexual harassment claims lodged against

Prompt 183:
Republican leaders in the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives have reached an agreement in principle on tax reform legislation , the Associated Press reported on Twitter on Wednesday , citing unnamed sources . The

Prompt 184:
Omarosa Manigault Newman , a former reality television star-turned political aide to U.S. President Donald Trump , has resigned from the White House to “ pursue other opportunities , ” Trump ’ s spokeswoman Sarah

Prompt 185:
Democrat Doug Jones won a bitter fight for a U.S. Senate seat in deeply conservative Alabama on Tuesday , dealing a political blow to President Donald Trump in a race marked by sexual misconduct accusations

Prompt 186:
The top Democrat in the U.S. Senate said bipartisan negotiations to protect undocumented people who immigrated to the United States as children were making very good progress , and that he hoped a bill could

Prompt 187:
U.S . Senator Kirsten Gillibrand fired back at President Donald Trump on Tuesday and said she would not be silenced after he attacked her on Twitter for calling for an investigation into accusations of sexual

Prompt 188:
In backing Roy Moore in Alabama ’ s U.S. Senate race even though the candidate faced allegations of sexual misconduct with teenage girls , President Donald Trump made a risky bet - and lost big

Prompt 189:
Senior FBI officials who helped probe Donald Trump ’ s 2016 presidential campaign told a colleague that Democratic Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton had to win the race to the White House , the New York

Prompt 190:
U.S. President Donald Trump congratulated Democrat Doug Jones on Tuesday for winning a bitter U.S. Senate race in Alabama against the Republican candidate the president backed . In a tweet , Trump congratulated Doug Jones

Prompt 191:
In a U.S. Senate race rocked by allegations of sexual misconduct against Republican candidate Roy Moore , some women in his hometown said they were sticking by the embattled nominee while others said prayer would

Prompt 192:
Democrat Doug Jones won Alabama ’ s election for the U.S. Senate on Tuesday , scoring an upset victory in a deeply conservative state against a Republican candidate who was backed by President Donald Trump

Prompt 193:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 194:
Crucial details of the Republican tax plan , including the proposed corporate rate , were in flux late on Tuesday as negotiators from the U.S. Congress rushed to finalize the plan ahead of a self-imposed

Prompt 195:
Rex Tillerson , dogged by media speculation about how long he will last as U.S. secretary of state , tried on Tuesday to ease skepticism among staff about his leadership and planned State Department reorganization

Prompt 196:
President Donald Trump on Wednesday will host congressional negotiators for lunch to discuss their progress toward tax cut legislation , the White House said . The lunch will take place ahead of a speech on

Prompt 197:
U.S. House Republicans proposed on Tuesday to delay or suspend several taxes under former President Barack Obama ’ s healthcare law , including a tax on medical devices and the so-called “ Cadillac ” tax

Prompt 198:
President Donald Trump signed into law on Tuesday legislation that bans the use of Kaspersky Lab within the U.S. government , capping a months-long effort to purge the Moscow-based antivirus firm from federal agencies amid

Prompt 199:
The Republican chairman of the U.S. Senate committee that handles judicial nominations on Tuesday raised concerns about two of President Donald Trump ’ s picks for lower court positions , citing controversial statements each has

Prompt 200:
A U.S. District Court judge ordered Special Counsel Robert Mueller on Tuesday to turn over any potential evidence that could be material for when he sentences President Donald Trump ’ s former national security adviser

Prompt 201:
The U.S. Congress will allow a deadline on reimposing sanctions on Iran to pass this week , congressional and White House aides said on Tuesday , leaving a pact between world powers and Tehran intact

Prompt 202:
A bipartisan push in the Senate to protect undocumented people who immigrated to the United States as children is gaining momentum as lawmakers try to wrap up negotiations , Republican Senator Jeff Flake said on

Prompt 203:
U.S. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday that President Donald Trump ’ s tweeted attack on Senator Kirsten Gillibrand was “ nasty , ” but Schumer did not join Gillibrand ’ s call

Prompt 204:
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday defended a one-page analysis by the Treasury Department that asserted a tax plan pushed by the Republican-led Congress would pay for itself in 10 years . “ I

Prompt 205:
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Monday he was confident the U.S. Congress would be able to reach an agreement to fund the government when the current spending bill ends on Dec. 22 and

Prompt 206:
The White House will host talks between the rival oil and ethanol industries on Wednesday in hopes of brokering a deal to help refiners struggling to meet the country ’ s biofuels policy , according

Prompt 207:
U.S. President Donald Trump will announce a new security strategy on Monday , White House national security adviser H.R . McMaster said on Tuesday . The new security blueprint will focus on protecting the U.S.

Prompt 208:
President Donald Trump signed the annual defense policy bill on Tuesday and urged Congress to fully fund the measure and lift the budget caps that have forced limits on U.S. defense spending for several years

Prompt 209:
President Donald Trump ’ s campaign to shrink the “ bloated federal bureaucracy ” so far has made a small dent in the federal workforce , and that largely because of a decline in civilian

Prompt 210:
Cuba told senior U.S. officials during talks on migration in Havana on Monday that the U.S. decision to suspend visa processing at its embassy on the island was “ seriously hampering ” family relations and

Prompt 211:
Dogged by accusations of sexual misconduct toward teenagers , Republican U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore cast himself as a staunch ally of President Donald Trump at a rally on the eve of Tuesday ’ s

Prompt 212:
Three women who have accused U.S. President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct called on Monday for a congressional investigation into his behavior amid a wave of similar accusations against prominent men in Hollywood , the

Prompt 213:
More than 50 female Democratic lawmakers in the U.S. House of Representatives called on Monday for a congressional investigation into allegations by various women of sexual misconduct against President Donald Trump , who has denied

Prompt 214:
A U.S. federal judge on Monday issued a stern warning to President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort to refrain from making statements to the media that could harm his right to

Prompt 215:
Transgender recruits will be able to join the U.S. military as of Jan. 1 after a federal judge on Monday denied a request by President Donald Trump ’ s administration to enforce his ban on

Prompt 216:
A company promoting a plan for the United States and Russia to jointly build nuclear reactors in the Middle East denied in a letter made public on Monday that its director received an Inauguration Day

Prompt 217:
The U.S. Treasury Department on Monday released a one-page analysis of the economic and fiscal impact of a Republican tax overhaul plan that was swiftly criticized by a number of tax experts and attacked as

Prompt 218:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Monday announced cash management measures to avoid a U.S. default . In a letter to House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan , Mnuchin said the Treasury would no longer

Prompt 219:
Three of the women who have accused U.S. President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct called on Monday for a congressional probe of his behavior amid similar accusations against powerful men in Hollywood , the media

Prompt 220:
As Republicans in the U.S. Congress rush to finish their tax plan , the legislation is not getting more popular with the public , with nearly half of Americans still opposed to it , according

Prompt 221:
The White House on Monday said the Justice Department was reviewing its options after a federal judge denied a request by President Donald Trump ’ s administration to enforce his ban on transgender troops while

Prompt 222:
Nikki Haley , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said on Sunday that any woman who has felt violated or mistreated by a man has every right to speak up , even if

Prompt 223:
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York will soon narrow its search for candidates to fill what is considered the Fed ’ s second-most powerful job after having scouted a diverse field , from a

Prompt 224:
U.S. President Donald Trump will deliver a speech on the plan to overhaul the nation ’ s tax code on Wednesday , the White House said on Monday . “ As we work with Congress

Prompt 225:
Incoming Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell , chosen by U.S. President Donald Trump to keep the recovery humming , appears set to let an expected trillion=dollar tax cut run its course through the economy as

Prompt 226:
The campaign of Roy Moore , the Republican candidate for U.S. senator in Alabama who has been accused of sexual misconduct , appealed on Sunday to President Donald Trump ’ s supporters , saying a

Prompt 227:
In Pennsylvania state Senator Daylin Leach ’ s bid to win a seat vital to the Democratic Party ’ s chances in 2018 elections of taking control of the U.S. Congress , his opponents may

Prompt 228:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday voiced support for Roy Moore , the Alabama Republican Senate candidate dogged by accusations of sexual misconduct , during a rally that foreshadowed themes for next year ’ s

Prompt 229:
Republican U.S . Senator Susan Collins , whose support was crucial in passing the Senate tax reform bill earlier this month , said on Sunday she has not yet decided whether she will back the

Prompt 230:
U.S. President Donald Trump flew to Mississippi on Saturday to attend the opening of a civil rights museum , but his visit was marred by the absence of top African-American leaders who stayed away in

Prompt 231:
The author of an article that U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller believes Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort ghost-wrote in violation of a gag order said on Saturday he had sought input on

Prompt 232:
WASHINGTON ( Reuters on Friday ) - U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller late on Friday unveiled a trove of evidence against President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort to convince a judge

Prompt 233:
In late October , President Donald Trump lifted a temporary ban on most refugee admissions , a move that should have cleared the way for more people fleeing persecution and violence to come to the

Prompt 234:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 235:
Federal appeals court judges on Friday asked about President Donald Trump ’ s sharing of anti-Muslim videos on his Twitter account , as they grilled a U.S. government lawyer about the legality of the president

Prompt 236:
U.S. congressional committee members warned on Friday that Washington ’ s funding of the World Health Organization ’ s cancer research agency could be halted unless it is more open about its operations . In

Prompt 237:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s Deputy National Security Adviser for strategy , Dina Powell , plans to resign early next year but will continue to have a role in Middle East diplomacy , the

Prompt 238:
U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller unveiled a trove of documents on Friday showing what he said was “ irrefutable evidence ” that President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort violated a court

Prompt 239:
The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday added a second case to its docket on a contentious issue that could have major consequences for American elections , agreeing to decide whether Democratic lawmakers in Maryland unlawfully

Prompt 240:
President Donald Trump ’ s administration called two lawmakers from the U.S. corn belt to convince them to join talks about potential changes to biofuels policy to ease the burden on oil refineries , according

Prompt 241:
Walid Phares , a former campaign adviser to President Donald Trump , testified to the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on Friday in its investigation of possible Russian efforts to influence the 2016 U.S.

Prompt 242:
U.S. Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers , the fourth-ranking Republican in the House of Representatives , on Friday told Fox News Channel that fellow Republican Representative Blake Farenthold should resign if an ethics investigation finds that

Prompt 243:
U.S. Representative Trent Franks said on Friday that he would resign from Congress effective immediately , instead of the Jan. 31 date he previously had set following the announcement of a probe into accusations of

Prompt 244:
Even before completing their overhaul of the U.S. tax code , Republicans in Washington have begun turning their attention to changes and possible cuts in the social safety net of government programs for the poor

Prompt 245:
Michigan Governor Rick Snyder said on Friday the state would hold a special election on Nov. 6 , 2018 , to replace Representative John Conyers , the Democrat who resigned this week amid accusations of

Prompt 246:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday signed legislation to fund the federal government for two weeks , giving congressional negotiators more time to work out budget priorities through next September and other thorny policy matters

Prompt 247:
Investors looking for the U.S. Republican tax bill to prompt multinational companies to convert foreign profits into dollars and end the worst slide in the greenback in a decade may have to temper their hopes

Prompt 248:
President Donald Trump ’ s weekend remark about a scaled-back tax cut for corporations sparked behind-the-scenes debate in the U.S. Congress , with a White House aide trying on Thursday to minimize the impact of

Prompt 249:
U.S. Democratic Senator Al Franken announced his resignation on Thursday after facing a series of sexual misconduct allegations , and Republican Representative Trent Franks also said he was stepping down as he too was hit

Prompt 250:
Republican U.S. Representative Trent Franks said on Thursday he would resign after two female staffers complained that he had discussed surrogacy with them . Franks , 60 , who has been a member of Congress

Prompt 251:
President Donald Trump ’ s weekend remark about a scaled-back tax cut for corporations sparked behind-the-scenes debate in the U.S. Congress , with a White House aide trying on Thursday to minimize the impact of

Prompt 252:
Millions of households would no longer benefit from federal tax deductions for charity donations , mortgage interest payments and property tax under Republican tax plans being debated in the U.S. Congress , a think tank

Prompt 253:
Erik Prince , founder of military contractor Blackwater and a supporter of President Donald Trump , told U.S. lawmakers he had discussed U.S.-Russia relations during a meeting in the Seychelles with a Russian business executive

Prompt 254:
The U.S. Congress moved rapidly on Thursday to send President Donald Trump a short-term funding bill to avert a government shutdown this weekend , leaving fights over budget priorities and a range of other controversial

Prompt 255:
Longtime U.S. congressman from Georgia John Lewis , who marched with Martin Luther King Jr. in the 1960s , said on Thursday that he would not attend the opening of the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum

Prompt 256:
The U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia judge presiding over the criminal case for President Donald Trump ’ s former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn has been recused from handling the case ,

Prompt 257:
The U.S. House of Representatives Ethics Committee said on Thursday it was investigating Republican Representative Blake Farenthold over allegations of sexual harassment , discrimination and retaliation involving a former female staff member . The panel

Prompt 258:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 259:
The U.S. House of Representatives Ethics Committee on Thursday cleared the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee of charges that he had disclosed classified information , potentially clearing the way for him to resume leadership

Prompt 260:
President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort did not violate a court gag order when he helped edit an opinion piece about his political work in Ukraine , his defense lawyer Kevin

Prompt 261:
The U.S. Congress , rushing to beat a Friday midnight deadline , on Thursday passed legislation funding the government through Dec. 22 . By a vote of 235-193 , the House of Representatives passed the

Prompt 262:
U.S. President Donald Trump is open to reforming the country ’ s biofuels policy if it can be done in a way that protects jobs in both the refining and agriculture industries , senators said

Prompt 263:
The U.S. House of Representatives , working against a Friday midnight deadline , approved legislation on Thursday to fund a wide range of federal programs through Dec. 22 and avoid a partial government shutdown when

Prompt 264:
President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort did not violate a court gag order when he helped edit an opinion piece about his political work in Ukraine , his defense lawyer Kevin

Prompt 265:
The White House is confident it can craft a deal to avoid a government shutdown and foresees a compromise with lawmakers that will include increases in defense and non-defense spending , White House legislative affairs

Prompt 266:
Libya ’ s internationally recognized government has appealed to the United States to drop or ease a travel ban imposed on its citizens by U.S. President Donald Trump , the Foreign Ministry said on Thursday

Prompt 267:
U.S. House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said on Thursday her party would not support a short-term funding bill being brought up for a vote later in the day because it did not include

Prompt 268:
The Pentagon ’ s acquisition chief said on Wednesday she wants to cut the time for major procurements to 12 months from an average of 2.5 years , speaking during a congressional hearing on the

Prompt 269:
The director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation defended his employees on Thursday against a growing chorus of accusations by Republicans , including President Donald Trump , that its agents were allowing political bias to

Prompt 270:
The White House said on Thursday that Donald Trump Jr. was on solid legal ground when he refused to answer questions from a congressional committee about a conversation he had with his father , President

Prompt 271:
The Senate on Thursday confirmed the Environmental Protection Agency ’ s third high-level official after Administrator Scott Pruitt , approving Susan Bodine to become the agency ’ s top enforcement official . Bodine will serve

Prompt 272:
Legislation to extend funding for the U.S. government through Dec. 22 and avert agency shutdowns on Saturday cleared a procedural hurdle in the House of Representatives on Thursday , paving the way for a vote

Prompt 273:
NEW YORK ( LPC/IFR ) - U.S. regulators said they are open to revising restrictions on leveraged lending , offering an olive branch to a GOP-controlled Congress keen to roll back banking regulations . The

Prompt 274:
The White House said on Thursday it was focusing on getting the lowest corporate rate possible in tax reform legislation being considered on Capitol Hill . “ Fifteen ( percent ) is better than 20

Prompt 275:
A bipartisan group of U.S. lawmakers has introduced a bill that would ban agreements to keep sexual harassment and discrimination claims out of court , amid a wave of sexual misconduct allegations against powerful men

Prompt 276:
House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said he felt good about the vote count on a government spending bill coming before House on Thursday afternoon that is aimed at keeping the government from shutting down

Prompt 277:
U.S. Democratic Senator Al Franken will announce his resignation on Thursday , a day after a majority of his Democratic Senate colleagues called for him to step down following a string of sexual misconduct allegations

Prompt 278:
The Department of the Interior , the U.S. government ’ s second largest revenue generator behind the IRS , is trying to be a better business partner to oil companies to curb falling revenues ,

Prompt 279:
U.S. Democratic Senator Al Franken , facing intense pressure to step down following allegations of sexual misconduct , will make an announcement at 11:45 a.m. ( 1645 GMT ) on Thursday , his office said

Prompt 280:
Democrat Al Franken faced intense pressure from members of his own party on Wednesday to resign from the U.S. Senate over accusations of sexual misconduct . Minnesota Public Radio reported Franken would resign on Thursday

Prompt 281:
The Trump administration on Wednesday said it would oppose public sector unions in a major case currently before the U.S. Supreme Court , reversing the view taken by the Obama administration in an identical dispute

Prompt 282:
President Donald Trump ’ s eldest son , Donald Trump Jr. , declined to discuss with lawmakers on Wednesday a conversation he had with his father about emails related to a June 2016 meeting he

Prompt 283:
A group of Democratic lawmakers on Wednesday wrote to Jared Kushner , U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s son-in-law and adviser , asking whether in his talks with foreign officials he had ever discussed financing

Prompt 284:
As President Donald Trump delivered his inaugural address on Capitol Hill in January , his incoming national security adviser Michael Flynn , sitting a few yards away , texted a former business partner that a

Prompt 285:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 286:
A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday wrestled with a bid by President Donald Trump to show that his latest travel ban targeting people from six Muslim-majority countries is legal . The 9th U.S . Circuit

Prompt 287:
President Donald Trump on Wednesday again raised the possibility of a U.S. government shutdown - blaming Democrats for that possible outcome - one day before he is due to host Republican and Democratic congressional leaders

Prompt 288:
U.S. President Donald Trump would sign a stop-gap spending measure funding the government through Dec. 22 that is being considered by the House of Representatives , the White House said in a statement on Wednesday

Prompt 289:
U.S. Senate Republicans agreed to talks with the House of Representatives on sweeping tax legislation on Wednesday , amid early signs that lawmakers could bridge their differences and agree on a final bill ahead of

Prompt 290:
People would be able to bring legal , concealed guns into any U.S. state under legislation the House of Representatives approved on Wednesday that would also bolster the national background check system and require a

Prompt 291:
U.S. Democratic Senator Al Franken , facing allegations of sexual misconduct , will resign on Thursday , Minnesota Public Radio reported on Wednesday , citing an unnamed Democratic official . A Franken staff member told

Prompt 292:
The tax overhaul legislation passed by the U.S. Senate jettisoned a long-held Republican goal of repealing the corporate alternative minimum tax ( AMT ) , a move seen as hurting companies that invest heavily in

Prompt 293:
U.S. President Donald Trump hopes to find a way to avert a government shutdown later this week in a Thursday meeting with Republican and Democratic lawmakers , the White House said on Wednesday . Congressional

Prompt 294:
The U.S. Senate voted on Wednesday to go to a conference committee to resolve differences between its tax legislation and a rival version passed by the House of Representatives , moving the Republican-led Congress a

Prompt 295:
Name-calling is not unusual in U.S. politics . But “ child abuser ” is not usually one of the names . In the final stretch of a bruising U.S. Senate race in Alabama , Democrat

Prompt 296:
The chairman of the U.S. Senate Finance Committee said on Wednesday a final tax bill Republicans hope to get to President Donald Trump by Christmas likely will not retain a corporate alternative minimum tax .

Prompt 297:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Wednesday called on the nation ’ s immigration courts to decide cases more efficiently , amid a burgeoning backlog that is hampering the Trump administration ’ s efforts to

Prompt 298:
Utah Republicans on Wednesday rallied around Mitt Romney , their party ’ s former presidential nominee , a day after former senior White House aide Steve Bannon accused him of having used his Mormon religion

Prompt 299:
Laura Russo is just the kind of voter the Republicans need , but the party ’ s proposed tax overhaul , which includes limits on the deductions for mortgage interest , state taxes and property

Prompt 300:
The U.S. Justice Department said Wednesday it is seeking a warrant so it can seize an ancient ring believed to be trafficked by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , the militant organization also

Prompt 301:
U.S . Senator Dick Durbin , the No . 2 Democrat in the Senate , said on Wednesday that fellow Democrat Al Franken should resign in light of sexual misconduct allegations against him . “

Prompt 302:
The U.S. Congress may be able to wrap up tax negotiations before Dec. 22 and send a final bill to President Donald Trump , Republican Senator John Cornyn said on Wednesday . The Senate will

Prompt 303:
U.S Democratic Senator Al Franken will make an announcement on Thursday , his office said , after several Democratic senators called for him to step down in light of allegations of sexual misconduct against him

Prompt 304:
A day after President Donald Trump endorsed U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore of Alabama , Trump ’ s former chief strategist Steve Bannon campaigned in the state , telling a crowd that allegations of sexual

Prompt 305:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said there was no truth in reports that the White House had a plan to fire him and replace him with CIA chief Mike Pompeo . Directly addressing the

Prompt 306:
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the Senate will vote later on Wednesday on whether to send its tax legislation to a conference to hammer out differences with the U.S. House of Representatives ’

Prompt 307:
Less than 24 hours after Donald Trump took office , his presidency started generating controversy . Photographs showing that the crowd at Trump ’ s swearing-in was smaller than at Barack Obama ’ s first

Prompt 308:
Democrats have a rare chance to win major concessions in a U.S. Congress they do not control by taking advantage of a battle within the Republican Party over keeping the government open . With a

Prompt 309:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 310:
Republicans in U.S. House of Representatives began staking out their positions on final tax legislation on Tuesday , days ahead of talks with the Senate to shape the tax package lawmakers hope to send to

Prompt 311:
The Republican Party will resume funding the U.S. Senate campaign of Roy Moore after President Donald Trump endorsed the Alabama Republican , who is accused of sexual misconduct involving teenage girls . The Republican National

Prompt 312:
The U.S. Senate on Tuesday confirmed President Donald Trump ’ s choice to lead the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , a post that opened after John Kelly became Trump ’ s chief

Prompt 313:
The U.S. House of Representatives voted on Tuesday to sharply reduce the annual $ 300 million in U.S. aid to the Palestinian Authority unless it take steps to stop making what lawmakers described as payments

Prompt 314:
A U.S. federal investigator probing alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election asked Deutsche Bank ( DBKGn.DE ) for data on accounts held by President Donald Trump and his family , a person

Prompt 315:
A U.S. Senate committee advanced legislation Tuesday that would ease financial rules for banks for the first time since the 2007-2009 financial crisis . The Banking Committee advanced the legislative package by a vote of

Prompt 316:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s lawyers told a New York state judge on Tuesday that under the U.S. Constitution she had no jurisdiction over the president and therefore urged her to dismiss a defamation

Prompt 317:
U.S. Special Counsel Robert Mueller ’ s office has spent about $ 3.2 million in the first 4-1/2 months of its investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election , the Justice Department revealed

Prompt 318:
A federal credit union has sued to block President Donald Trump from installing Mick Mulvaney as his preferred head of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . Citing “ regulatory chaos ” caused by the

Prompt 319:
Democrat John Conyers , the longest serving member of the U.S. House of Representatives , stepped down on Tuesday after multiple accusations of sexual misconduct , the first member of Congress to leave his seat

Prompt 320:
The chief Republican tax writer in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Tuesday that House Republicans want tax legislation to eliminate the corporate and individual alternative minimum taxes . “ House members ... feel

Prompt 321:
As the U.S. Congress worked to reach agreement on a short-term spending measure to keep the federal government open , White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Tuesday a shutdown could still happen . “

Prompt 322:
The Trump administration has named career diplomat Philip Goldberg to head the all-but-abandoned U.S. embassy in Havana , according to three sources familiar with the matter , at a time of heightened tensions between the

Prompt 323:
A lawyer for U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Deutsche Bank ( DBKGn.DE ) has not received any subpoena for financial records relating to the president or his family as part of the

Prompt 324:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he expected the conference committee hammering out tax legislation in Congress will work well and get the job done fast . “ I think something ’ s going

Prompt 325:
U.S. President Donald Trump continued to dominate Twitter in 2017 even though former President Barack Obama ’ s tweets were more liked and both were blown away by one man ’ s quest for free

Prompt 326:
The nomination to be ambassador to Singapore of K.T . McFarland , a former security adviser to President Donald Trump , has been delayed due to concerns about her testimony to Congress over communications with

Prompt 327:
Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives were in discussions on Tuesday about how long to fund the federal government in a short-term spending measure expected to come to a vote as early as Wednesday

Prompt 328:
Republican leaders are aiming to send their tax bill to President Donald Trump for his signature by the end of the year . To do that , negotiators from the U.S. House of Representatives and

Prompt 329:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson delivered a message of support to European allies in Brussels on Tuesday but their concerns about President Donald Trump ’ s foreign policy have created a rift on a

Prompt 330:
The head of the U.S. House of Representatives ’ tax-writing panel on Tuesday said he would push to make tax rate cuts for individuals more permanent as the House and Senate reconcile their two versions

Prompt 331:
The Republican Party will resume funding the embattled U.S. Senate campaign of Roy Moore after President Donald Trump endorsed the Alabama Republican , who is accused of sexual misconduct against teenage girls . The Republican

Prompt 332:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday said the United States remains committed to Europe , offering a public statement of support for European allies worried about foreign policy under President Donald Trump .

Prompt 333:
The European Union ’ s top diplomat , Federica Mogherini , said on Tuesday that “ any action that would undermine ” peace efforts to create two separate states for the Israelis and the Palestinians

Prompt 334:
The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday handed a victory to President Donald Trump by allowing his latest travel ban targeting people from six Muslim-majority countries to go into full effect even as legal challenges continue

Prompt 335:
The Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives voted on Monday to go to conference on tax legislation with the Senate , moving Congress another step closer to a final bill . The House voted 222-192 to

Prompt 336:
Democratic leaders in Congress on Monday accepted an invitation to meet U.S. President Donald Trump and Republicans for talks to avert a government shutdown this week , even as the Democrats pressed demands on funding

Prompt 337:
The special counsel investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election on Monday accused President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager , Paul Manafort , of working with a Russian colleague to draft

Prompt 338:
President Donald Trump ’ s eldest son and a former business associate of the president are due to testify to the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee , as it continues its investigation of possible

Prompt 339:
President Donald Trump said on Monday he wants U.S . Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah to run for re-election next year , putting Trump on a collision course with Republican rival Mitt Romney , who

Prompt 340:
President Donald Trump ’ s personal lawyer ’ s legal arguments in defense of the president ’ s tweets about former U.S. national security advisor Michael Flynn have been greeted with some skepticism by legal

Prompt 341:
A Democratic U.S. senator is backing away from a proposed legislative tweak that would have helped big banks lessen their capital burden , according to a statement provided to Reuters on Monday . Senator Christopher

Prompt 342:
U.S. Republicans in Congress are grappling with a thorny question about corporate taxes as they work to reconcile competing tax bills from the Senate and House of Representatives into a unified measure that they hope

Prompt 343:
U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Michael Griffin , a former administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) , as undersecretary of defense for research and engineering , the White

Prompt 344:
President Donald Trump said on Monday his former national security adviser , Michael Flynn , was being treated unfairly , implicitly criticizing the U.S. special counsel ’ s charges against him even though Flynn pleaded

Prompt 345:
President Donald Trump will not announce a decision on Monday on whether he will again delay moving the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem , a White House spokesman said , despite Monday ’ s

Prompt 346:
Mick Mulvaney , White House budget chief and acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) , said on Monday he has no intention of firing Leandra English , who had attempted

Prompt 347:
Richard Cordray , a Democrat whose resignation as head of the U.S. consumer bureau last month triggered a political battle over who should replace him , plans to run for governor of Ohio , an

Prompt 348:
John Anderson , a former Republican congressman who challenged the party ’ s conservative drift by taking on its chief symbol , Ronald Reagan , and ran for president as an independent in 1980 ,

Prompt 349:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis met Pakistan ’ s civilian and military leaders on Monday and urged them to “ redouble ” their efforts to rein in militants accused of using the country as a

Prompt 350:
President Donald Trump endorsed U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore on Monday , throwing his weight behind the embattled Alabama Republican before a special election next week that has been rocked by allegations of sexual misconduct

Prompt 351:
The U.S. State Department has certified that the Honduran government has been fighting corruption and supporting human rights , clearing the way for Honduras to receive millions of dollars in U.S. aid , a document

Prompt 352:
President Donald Trump on Monday said he supports Utah Senator Orrin Hatch running for re-election next year , as speculation mounts that fellow Republican and frequent Trump critic Mitt Romney hopes to take the seat

Prompt 353:
Federal appeals courts in the states of Washington and Virginia are set to hear arguments this week on the legality of President Donald Trump ’ s most recent travel ban , which sharply limits visitors

Prompt 354:
Democratic leaders in Congress said on Monday they had accepted an invitation from President Donald Trump to meet with him and Republican leaders to discuss year-end legislative priorities , including efforts to fund the government

Prompt 355:
President Donald Trump spoke to U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore of Alabama on Monday and endorsed his campaign , the White House said . “ The president had a positive call with Judge Roy Moore

Prompt 356:
Massachusetts Senate President Stan Rosenberg is taking a temporary leave of absence as his husband faces allegations that he used his political connections to sexually harass men . Rosenberg , a Democrat , will step

Prompt 357:
A series of tweets by U.S. President Donald Trump about the investigation into contacts between his 2016 campaign and Russia prompted concerns on Sunday among both Democratic and Republican lawmakers , with Republican Senator Lindsey

Prompt 358:
Former national security adviser Michael Flynn pleaded guilty on Friday to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russia , and he agreed to cooperate with prosecutors delving into the actions of President Donald

Prompt 359:
Michael Flynn ’ s plea of guilty on Friday to lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation made him the fourth person known to be charged in a U.S. Justice Department investigation of ties between

Prompt 360:
U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Sunday that he is optimistic the Senate and House of Representatives will reach a conference agreement on tax legislation that can be signed into law by President

Prompt 361:
U.S. Senate Republicans made last-minute changes to their tax bill to secure enough votes to pass the sweeping legislation on Saturday and move on to negotiations this week on a final measure with Republicans in

Prompt 362:
The alternative minimum tax on corporations , which had been included in the U.S. Senate ’ s tax bill , should be eliminated in the final legislation , Kevin McCarthy , the No . 2

Prompt 363:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 364:
The U.S. Embassy to Russia said on Monday it would restart some visa services in U.S. consulates which it had previously canceled due to diplomatic expulsions that had left it short-staffed . The United States

Prompt 365:
The Kremlin said on Monday Russian President Vladimir Putin had taken a decision to hold off responding to new U.S. sanctions last year independently and had not been influenced by former U.S. national security adviser

Prompt 366:
Former NBC television host Billy Bush accused U.S. President Donald Trump of “ indulging in some revisionist history ” for reportedly telling allies it was not his voice making lewd remarks as the men waited

Prompt 367:
Embattled Republican U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore led his Democratic opponent by six percentage points in a CBS News poll released on Sunday , with most Alabama Republicans saying the allegations of sexual misconduct against

Prompt 368:
On the eve of his trip to Europe , Rex Tillerson gave a speech last week that European allies had waited months to hear : an “ ironclad ” promise of U.S. support to its

Prompt 369:
U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Sunday it would be “ ridiculous ” for a fight with Democrats over immigration issues to result in a standoff over a year-end spending bill and prompt

Prompt 370:
U.S. President Donald Trump said in a tweet on Sunday he never asked former FBI director James Comey to stop investigating former national security adviser Michael Flynn . Flynn is the first member of Trump

Prompt 371:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s personal lawyer took responsibility on Sunday for a tweet about the firing of former national security adviser Michael Flynn , a central figure in the probe into Russian meddling

Prompt 372:
The White House is willing to consider a small increase on the corporate tax rate if it is needed to finalize the bill in the U.S. Congress , White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney said

Prompt 373:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Saturday that actions by former national security adviser Michael Flynn during the presidential transition were lawful , and that he had had to fire him because Flynn had lied

Prompt 374:
The special counsel examining alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election removed a top FBI investigator from his team for exchanging text messages with a colleague that expressed anti-Trump views , two U.S.

Prompt 375:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Saturday denied that he was leaving his post to be replaced by CIA Director Mike Pompeo . Asked if there was any truth to the multiple reports about

Prompt 376:
ABC News said on Saturday it had suspended Brian Ross , its chief investigative correspondent , over an error in his reporting about former national security adviser Michael Flynn which sent U.S. stocks , the

Prompt 377:
The sweeping tax overhaul that passed the U.S. Senate on Saturday contains the Republicans ’ biggest blow yet to former President Barack Obama ’ s healthcare law , repealing the requirement that all Americans obtain

Prompt 378:
The U.S. Senate narrowly approved a tax overhaul on Saturday , moving Republicans and President Donald Trump a big step closer to their goal of slashing taxes for businesses and the rich while offering everyday

Prompt 379:
U.S. Representative Sander Levin of Michigan said on Saturday he would not run for reelection next year , stepping down after more than three decades in Congress . The 86-year-old Democrat is a member of

Prompt 380:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Saturday the actions of his former national security adviser Michael Flynn after the 2016 election were “ lawful ” . Flynn on Friday pleaded guilty to lying to the

Prompt 381:
When Republicans tried to repeal and replace Obamacare over the summer , they acted like “ a bunch of free range chickens ” , said Republican Senator John Kennedy . “ Everybody was upset ,

Prompt 382:
Six more U.S. senators signed on to support a sweeping Republican tax bill on Friday , leaving only one known Republican opponent - Bob Corker - and virtually assuring the measure would pass despite Democratic

Prompt 383:
U.S. Senate Republicans were considering a raft of last-minute changes to their sweeping tax bill on Friday , as they edged toward a final vote that could move Congress to year-end enactment of tax cuts

Prompt 384:
Backers of a U.S.-Russian plan to build nuclear reactors across the Middle East bragged after the U.S. election they had backing from Donald Trump ’ s national security adviser Michael Flynn for a project that

Prompt 385:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 386:
The disputed acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said in a court filing on Friday that she plans to seek a preliminary injunction against rival acting director Mick Mulvaney and the Trump administration

Prompt 387:
Former U.S. National Security Adviser Michael Flynn admitted on Friday that he asked Russia to delay a U.N. vote seen as damaging to Israel , but diplomats said it was not the only country he

Prompt 388:
The question of whether U.S. Representative John Conyers may resign in the face of sexual harassment allegations will be addressed in the “ next day or so , ” an attorney for the congressman said

Prompt 389:
The Senate intelligence panel ’ s top Democrat on Friday said lawmakers will want to again interview U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s son-in-law turned White House adviser Jared Kushner in the wake of former

Prompt 390:
A former U.S. National Security Agency employee pleaded guilty on Friday to illegally taking classified information outside the spy agency that an intelligence official said was later stolen from his home computer by Russian hackers

Prompt 391:
President Donald Trump ’ s son-in-law Jared Kushner and former adviser K.T . McFarland were the Trump transition officials who spoke to former U.S. national security adviser Michael Flynn about his contacts with Russian officials

Prompt 392:
Pennsylvania ’ s Attorney General is leading the charge among his Democratic peers preparing to shore up protections for borrowers and savers while President Donald Trump follows through on a pledge to defang a powerful

Prompt 393:
More than half of the registered lobbyists in Washington have worked on tax issues in 2017 , a report showed on Friday , as lawmakers in the U.S. capital scramble to conclude a year-long effort

Prompt 394:
U.S. Republican Senator Bob Corker said on Friday he can not support a sweeping tax bill that Senate Republican leaders have said has enough votes to pass . “ At the end of the day

Prompt 395:
A proposal driven by President Donald Trump to overhaul the country ’ s tax system is moving through U.S. Congress , lifting the overall stock market and raising hopes that corporate earnings will get a

Prompt 396:
The legal document charging Michael Flynn with lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation lays out a chronology of events connected with the offense that the former U.S. national security adviser pleaded guilty to on

Prompt 397:
Republican Senator Susan Collins will vote for a Senate tax bill , her office said on Friday . Collins , who had been considered a possible “ no ” vote on the sweeping tax overhaul

Prompt 398:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is not leaving , President Donald Trump tweeted on Friday , after U.S. officials on Thursday said the White House had a plan for CIA Director Mike Pompeo to

Prompt 399:
A U.S. House panel on Friday approved legislation that would renew the National Security Agency ’ s warrantless internet surveillance program , despite objections from the technology sector and civil liberties groups over inadequate privacy

Prompt 400:
The Massachusetts state senate on Friday prepared to open an independent probe into accusations that Majority Leader Stanley Rosenberg ’ s husband used his political connections to sexually harass men , following a Boston Globe

Prompt 401:
Jared Kushner , President Donald Trump ’ s son-in-law , directed Michael Flynn , then a Trump adviser , to contact Russian officials around Dec. 22 about a UN resolution regarding Israel , NBC News

Prompt 402:
The U.S. House of Representatives ethics committee has begun a sweeping probe into possible sexual harassment and discrimination by the chamber ’ s 434 lawmakers and their staff , requesting on Friday a wide range

Prompt 403:
Republican U.S . Senator Steve Daines of Montana , one of several senators seen as pivotal to the fate of a Republican tax overhaul plan , said on Friday he would support the tax bill

Prompt 404:
The No . 2 U.S. Senate Republican John Cornyn said on Friday he was confident Republicans have the 50 votes necessary to pass a tax overhaul bill in the chamber . “ We are confident

Prompt 405:
U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Friday Republicans had enough votes to pass a tax overhaul bill in the Senate . “ We have the votes , ” McConnell said . Republican Senator

Prompt 406:
Two days after a federal court endorsed President Donald Trump ’ s deregulatory pick for a consumer watchdog , a rival official was encouraging agency staff to keep up the pressure on the lending industry

Prompt 407:
The United States remains committed to the Libyan Political Agreement , the State Department said in a statement following U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ’ s meeting with Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj on

Prompt 408:
Former U.S. national security adviser Michael Flynn on Friday pleaded guilty to lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation , prosecutors said , adding that he had spoken with a top member of Trump ’

Prompt 409:
Michael Flynn , President Donald Trump ’ s first U.S. national security adviser , pleaded guilty on Friday to lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation about his contacts with Russia ’ s U.S. ambassador

Prompt 410:
The guilty plea entered by former U.S. national security adviser Michael Flynn to a charge of lying to the FBI implicates Flynn alone , the White House said in a statement on Friday . “

Prompt 411:
Former U.S. national security adviser Michael Flynn said in a statement on Friday that his decision to plead guilty to lying to the FBI and to cooperate with an investigation into possible ties between Russia

Prompt 412:
Michael Flynn , former national security adviser to President Donald Trump , is prepared to testify that Trump directed him to make contact with Russians when he was a presidential candidate , ABC News reported

Prompt 413:
Charles “ Chuck ” Johnson is not the kind of foot soldier in the army of lobbyists that House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan warned would descend on Washington to fight the biggest overhaul of

Prompt 414:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ’ s expected exit from the Trump administration is one of many staff changes likely as President Donald Trump nears the end of his first year in office ,

Prompt 415:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday dismissed reports that the White House is weighing a plan under which he would be replaced by CIA Director Mike Pompeo as “ laughable. ” Media reports

Prompt 416:
U.S. President Donald Trump has agreed to meet with representatives of the oil refining industry and their legislative backers to discuss the nation ’ s biofuels program , according to two sources briefed on the

Prompt 417:
The U.S. Senate on Thursday delayed voting on a Republican tax overhaul as the bill was tripped up by problems with an amendment sought by fiscal hawks to address a large expansion of the federal

Prompt 418:
President Donald Trump is considering recognition of Jerusalem as Israel ’ s capital , a move that could upend decades of American policy and ratchet up Middle East tensions , but is expected to again

Prompt 419:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions refused to answer questions on Thursday during a closed congressional hearing about whether President Donald Trump ever instructed him to hinder the Justice Department ’ s investigation into Russian interference

Prompt 420:
The three top Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives called on Democratic congressman John Conyers on Thursday to resign in light of the sexual harassment allegations he faces , but Conyers ’ attorney said

Prompt 421:
U.S. President Donald Trump repeatedly urged senior Senate Republicans over the summer to end the Senate Intelligence Committee ’ s probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 election , including the panel ’ s chairman

Prompt 422:
U.S. President Donald Trump plans to nominate Jelena McWilliams , Fifth Third Bancorp ’ s top attorney , to serve as the next head of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , the White House said

Prompt 423:
President Donald Trump is considering a plan to oust Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , whose relationship has been strained by the top U.S. diplomat ’ s softer line on North Korea and other differences

Prompt 424:
The U.S. Senate Ethics Committee said on Thursday it has opened a preliminary inquiry into alleged misconduct by Senator Al Franken , who has been accused of sexual misconduct and inappropriately touching women . Franken

Prompt 425:
If he becomes U.S. secretary of state , Mike Pompeo would have three assets Rex Tillerson did not : experience in government , the confidence of President Donald Trump , and a defter touch with

Prompt 426:
A Republican tax bill in the U.S. Senate stalled on a procedural problem late on Thursday , forcing lawmakers to weigh new options to an amendment sought by a leading fiscal hawk to address a

Prompt 427:
The Pentagon will indefinitely delay a ban on the use of older types of cluster bombs due to take effect on Jan. 1 , 2019 , officials said , arguing that safety improvements in munitions

Prompt 428:
WASHINGTON - Some key U.S. senators still had concerns about the Republican tax bill in the Senate , as a procedural motion to formally open debate on the measure was approved on Wednesday . Here

Prompt 429:
The Republican tax bill would generate a net $ 407 billion in new revenue from economic growth , reducing the amount that the legislation would add to the federal deficit , the nonpartisan Joint Committee

Prompt 430:
The Senate Banking Committee will vote on Tuesday on the nomination of Federal Reserve Governor Jerome Powell to lead the U.S. central bank , the panel said in a statement . The committee said on

Prompt 431:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis dismissed reports on Thursday that President Donald Trump was considering a plan to oust Secretary of State Rex Tillerson . Asked what he made of Tillerson ’ s reported pending

Prompt 432:
A German man has come forward as the former Twitter Inc employee who shut down the account of U.S. President Donald Trump for 11 minutes this month on his last day of work at the

Prompt 433:
U.S. President Donald Trump has accepted an invitation by Congress to deliver a State of the Union address on Jan. 30 , White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told reporters on Thursday . U.S. House of

Prompt 434:
Rex Tillerson will remain as U.S. secretary of state , the White House spokeswoman said on Thursday , amid reports Tillerson will be removed in favor of Mike Pompeo , who is currently CIA director

Prompt 435:
President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort has agreed to an $ 11.65 million bail agreement with the special counsel investigating Trump campaign ties to Russia , the longtime Republican political consultant

Prompt 436:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s push for a major military buildup suffered a setback on Thursday when the House of Representatives put plans on hold to fully fund the federal government through next Sept.

Prompt 437:
A spate of sexual misconduct accusations against U.S. politicians and other powerful men will force candidates for the November 2018 congressional elections to weigh more carefully than ever whether their past behavior could doom their

Prompt 438:
The U.S. Treasury would exhaust all of its borrowing options and run dry of cash to pay its bills by late March or early April if Congress does not raise the debt ceiling before then

Prompt 439:
The following are five facts about Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo , who a senior administration official said on Thursday would replace Rex Tillerson as U.S. secretary of state within weeks under a plan

Prompt 440:
U.S. Republican Representative Joe Barton of Texas will not seek re-election , his office said in a statement on Thursday , in a decision he made after a nude picture of him appeared on the

Prompt 441:
Democratic Representative John Conyers , facing sexual misconduct allegations , has not thought about resigning , his lawyer said on Thursday after the top Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives called on the congressman

Prompt 442:
The revolving door at the Trump White House was ready to spin again as senior administration officials said on Thursday there is a plan to replace U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson with Central Intelligence

Prompt 443:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was unaware of any plans to oust him when he spoke to Senator Bob Corker on Thursday , Corker said . “ He ’ s conducting business , as

Prompt 444:
U.S . Senator Tom Cotton , a hawkish Iraq war veteran who has said he did not consider waterboarding to be torture , is likely to be chosen by President Donald Trump as the next

Prompt 445:
The White House said on Thursday that Rex Tillerson remains the U.S. secretary of state despite reports of his upcoming departure , and that there are no changes at this time . “ As the

Prompt 446:
The U.S. Senate on Thursday delayed voting on a Republican tax overhaul as the bill was tripped up by problems with an amendment sought by fiscal hawks to address a large expansion of the federal

Prompt 447:
U.S. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said on Thursday that Representative John Conyers should resign after sexual harassment allegations were brought against him , saying “ zero tolerance means consequences for everyone. ” Pelosi said

Prompt 448:
U.S. President Donald Trump sparked outrage in Britain on Thursday with a sharp rebuke of Prime Minister Theresa May on Twitter after she criticized him for retweeting British far-right anti-Islam videos . As British politicians

Prompt 449:
In a thinly veiled reference to U.S. President Donald Trump , the top U.N. human rights official on Thursday condemned “ populists ” who spread “ hatred through tweets ” . Britain criticised Trump on

Prompt 450:
A quest by Republicans to open Alaska ’ s Arctic National Wildlife Reserve was slowed after a nonpartisan Senate official ruled late on Wednesday that the exploration was subject to environmental assessments by the Interior

Prompt 451:
Republican U.S . Senator Susan Collins said on Thursday she was not committed to voting for the Senate tax bill , citing concerns over healthcare and the loss of a deduction for state and local

Prompt 452:
British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Thursday that U.S. President Donald Trump was wrong to retweet a video from a far-right British group which she said was “ hateful ” and spreads division .

Prompt 453:
Britain ’ s ambassador to the United States discussed a row over retweets sent by President Donald Trump with senior White House officials on Wednesday , a British government source said on Thursday . The

Prompt 454:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 455:
President Donald Trump on Wednesday shared anti-Muslim videos posted on Twitter by a far-right British party leader , drawing condemnation from Britain , U.S. Muslim groups and some members of Congress . The White House

Prompt 456:
British Prime Minister Theresa May is fully focused on tackling extremism , her spokesman said on Thursday , responding to a tweet by U.S. President Donald Trump telling her to focus on “ destructive Radical

Prompt 457:
British interior minister Amber Rudd said on Thursday she hoped Britain ’ s condemnation of U.S. President Donald Trump for retweeting material from a British far-right group would have an impact . “ I think

Prompt 458:
A New York comedian has been compelled to appear before a House Intelligence Committee investigating suspected Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election where he will likely face questions about acting as a go-between for

Prompt 459:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s son-in-law , Jared Kushner , met with Special Counsel Robert Mueller ’ s team earlier this month as part of its Russia probe , CNN reported on Wednesday ,

Prompt 460:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 461:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday nominated Carnegie Mellon University Professor Marvin Goodfriend to become a member of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors , adding a well-known monetary economist to a central bank losing

Prompt 462:
U.S. President Donald Trump fired back at British Prime Minister Theresa May over her criticism of his retweeting of anti-Muslim videos , saying she should focus on terrorism in Britain . “ Theresa @ theresamay

Prompt 463:
The U.S. Senate on Wednesday took a step toward passage of tax legislation that is a top White House priority , setting up a likely decisive vote later this week even though it was unclear

Prompt 464:
A group of Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday urged keeping federal tax breaks on private activity bonds sold by the developers of hospitals , nursing homes , airports and toll roads

Prompt 465:
A proposal to amend a tax bill in the U.S. Senate with a trigger to automatically reverse tax cuts if new revenues fall short of forecasts could further pressure businesses and the economy if the

Prompt 466:
Democratic U.S. congressman John Conyers faced increasing pressure to resign on Wednesday , with the No . 2 Democrat in the House of Representatives saying he should step aside if sexual harassment accusations against him

Prompt 467:
Some key U.S. senators still had concerns about the Republican tax bill in the Senate , as a procedural motion to formally open debate on the measure was approved on Wednesday . Here is a

Prompt 468:
A bipartisan group of lawmakers in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday introduced legislation requiring the disclosure of sexual harassment case settlements involving members of Congress and their staffers . The move came amid

Prompt 469:
U.S. Democratic Representative Luis Gutierrez , who has announced he will not seek re-election to Congress in 2018 , said on Wednesday he wanted to concentrate his energies “ on the national level ” and

Prompt 470:
The top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee has asked four foreign policy advisers to Donald Trump ’ s 2016 presidential campaign for documents about their contacts with Russians and discussions about Russia . Senator

Prompt 471:
Don Blankenship , the former CEO of coal company Massey Energy who was recently released from jail after a sentence for violating mine safety laws , said on Wednesday he plans to run for U.S.

Prompt 472:
Democratic U.S. Representative John Conyers has no immediate plans to resign after several women accused him of sexual misconduct , his lawyer told the Detroit News on Wednesday . “ He ’ s not going

Prompt 473:
Opposition has grown among Americans to a Republican tax plan before the U.S. Congress , with 49 percent of people who were aware of the measure saying they opposed it , up from 41 percent

Prompt 474:
Members of the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee are close to an agreement on how to overhaul a controversial National Security Agency surveillance program and hope to complete legislation soon , the top Democrat

Prompt 475:
The U.S. Defense Security Cooperation Agency , which implements foreign arms sales , on Wednesday announced sales of $ 41.93 billion for fiscal 2017 , a 25 percent rise from a year earlier . The

Prompt 476:
Some of Democratic U.S. Representative John Conyers ’ colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus ( CBC ) are pressing the 88-year-old lawmaker to resign amid sexual harassment allegations against him , two senior House Democratic

Prompt 477:
U.S. President Donald Trump will host Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj at the White House on Friday for talks on counterterrorism cooperation and ways to expand bilateral engagement , the White House in a statement

Prompt 478:
President Donald Trump ’ s son , Donald Trump Jr. , will meet with the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee next week , CNN reported on Wednesday , citing multiple sources with knowledge of

Prompt 479:
The White House said on Wednesday that it does not expect the government to shut down next month , but has contingency plans in place if the U.S. Congress fails to reach a deal on

Prompt 480:
Steny Hoyer , the No . 2 Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives , said on Wednesday that Democratic representative John Conyers should resign if the sexual harassment allegations against him are found to

Prompt 481:
The U.S. Senate will vote later Wednesday on whether to begin debate on a Republican tax bill , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told the chamber . “ Today the Senate will take the next

Prompt 482:
The U.S. Senate is expected to vote on a motion to proceed on a Republican tax bill on Wednesday , a Republican lawmaker said , an action that could allow the chamber to vote on

Prompt 483:
U.S. President Donald Trump was wrong to have posted anti-Islam videos on Twitter that had originally been published by a leader of Britain First , a fringe , far-right party , a spokesman for Prime

Prompt 484:
The top Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday commended Representative John Conyers for stepping down as the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee in the face of sexual misconduct allegations ,

Prompt 485:
The No . 2 Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Wednesday the Senate would likely vote on its tax bill this week and that lawmakers from both chambers would get together “

Prompt 486:
U.S. President Donald Trump has re-tweeted anti-Islam videos originally posted by Jayda Fransen , a leader of a far-right British party convicted earlier in November of abusing a Muslim woman . Fransen is deputy leader

Prompt 487:
U.S. President Donald Trump urged a boycott of CNN on Wednesday , ramping up his fight against the television network as his administration fights AT & T Inc ’ s deal to buy CNN ’

Prompt 488:
A U.S. District Court judge on Tuesday sided with President Donald Trump in a legal battle over who should be in charge of the U.S. consumer finance watchdog , allowing White House budget director Mick

Prompt 489:
Democratic leaders in Congress skipped a meeting with President Donald Trump on Tuesday that was to have focused on the budget , raising the risk of a government shutdown next month with both sides far

Prompt 490:
U.S. Senate Republicans rammed forward President Donald Trump ’ s tax-cut bill on Tuesday in an abrupt , partisan committee vote that set up a full vote by the Senate as soon as Thursday ,

Prompt 491:
Congress is likely to miss a Dec. 8 deadline for passing legislation funding a wide range of federal government programs through Sept. 30 , 2018 , kicking the contentious debate into next year , a

Prompt 492:
U.S. Republicans made progress on Tuesday in addressing the demands of some key senators in the party about their tax legislation , improving the outlook for the bill ’ s passage . President Donald Trump

Prompt 493:
President Donald Trump is set to visit Utah on Monday and is expected to announce his decision on whether to reduce the size of two national monuments where drilling and mining are banned , an

Prompt 494:
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security ’ s top internal watchdog told Reuters on Tuesday he will retire , after he complained about a delay in the release of a report critical of the department

Prompt 495:
Republican U.S . Senator Susan Collins , who has demanded changes to a Republican tax bill , said she had “ good discussions ” with the White House and colleagues on the legislation and that

Prompt 496:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 497:
Leandra English , who is in a legal battle with the Trump administration over who is acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , will spent Tuesday working in the office , she said

Prompt 498:
U.S . Senator Elizabeth Warren said on Tuesday she has “ no doubt ” the legal fight over who is the proper leader of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau will continue to a U.S.

Prompt 499:
The top two Republicans in the U.S. Congress said if leading Democrats want to reach an agreement with Republicans on a must-pass government funding bill , they need to attend a planned meet with President

Prompt 500:
The U.S. Congress is careening toward major deadlines on a Republican tax bill , the budget and other policies . Here is the outlook for what promises to be a sprint to the end of

Prompt 501:
The U.S. Senate Budget Committee voted along party lines on Tuesday to send a Republican tax bill to the full Senate for a vote . The 12-to-11 vote “ moves us one step closer to

Prompt 502:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Tuesday he was offended by claims that the State Department is being hollowed out , saying his agency is functioning well , contrary to scathing criticism from

Prompt 503:
U.S. budget chief Mick Mulvaney on Tuesday told staff at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to “ disregard ” instructions from Leandra English , the deputy director , according to a memo . “ Consistent

Prompt 504:
Moscow ’ s ambassador to the United States will inspect the Russian consulate in San Francisco , from which staff has been expelled , on a visit to California later this month , the Russian

Prompt 505:
U.S. President Donald Trump will proceed as planned to meet with Republican congressional leaders on Tuesday and criticized Democratic leaders for bowing out , the White House said . “ The president ’ s invitation

Prompt 506:
The top two Democrats in the U.S. Congress said they would not meet with President Donald Trump on Tuesday as planned after he said he does not think he can reach a deal with them

Prompt 507:
Puerto Rico would get substantial debt relief and other new aid to help it recover from destruction inflicted by Hurricanes Irma and Maria in September , under legislation unveiled on Tuesday by leading liberals in

Prompt 508:
U.S. President Donald Trump said he will meet on Tuesday with the Democratic leaders of the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives , Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi , to discuss keeping the government open

Prompt 509:
The fight for control of the U.S. consumer watchdog agency intensified on Monday as Mick Mulvaney , President Donald Trump ’ s pick to run the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) , imposed

Prompt 510:
Democratic U.S. Representative Luis Gutierrez of Illinois , a prominent critic of President Donald Trump ’ s immigration policies , will not seek re-election next year , Politico reported on Monday . Citing three Democratic

Prompt 511:
Embattled Republican U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore said on Monday the allegations of sexual misconduct against him were evidence of the moral failings of leaders in Washington and meant to distract attention from the real

Prompt 512:
A senior U.S. official overseeing a reorganization of the State Department that has been criticized by current and former U.S. diplomats has stepped down after less than four months on the job , U.S. officials

Prompt 513:
A U.S. Senate Republican tax bill strongly backed by President Donald Trump faced potential opposition on Monday from two Republican lawmakers who could prevent the sweeping legislation from reaching the Senate floor . Senators Ron

Prompt 514:
President Donald Trump said there was a “ Pocahontas ” in the U.S. Congress during a meeting on Monday with Native American World War Two veterans in an apparent derogatory reference to Democratic Senator Elizabeth

Prompt 515:
U.S. Republican Senator Bob Corker said on Monday that he could oppose his party ’ s tax bill over deficit concerns in an expected Senate Budget Committee vote this week , but added that Republicans

Prompt 516:
U.S. Republican Senator Ron Johnson said on Monday he would vote against a Republican tax bill in the Budget Committee on Tuesday unless his concerns about the legislation are resolved , according to his office

Prompt 517:
California lawmaker Raul Bocanegra resigned from the state assembly on Monday , a week after local media reported that six women had accused him of sexual harassment , while denying any criminal wrongdoing . On

Prompt 518:
U.S. Democratic Senator Al Franken returned to Congress on Monday to begin what he called a process of rebuilding trust shattered by allegations he had groped or inappropriately touched women , vowing “ this will

Prompt 519:
Allegations of sexual misconduct against U.S . Senator Al Franken should be dealt with through the normal process , White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Monday . “ The president is not going to

Prompt 520:
The White House said on Monday that President Donald Trump wasn ’ t making a racial slur when he referred to Senator Elizabeth Warren as “ Pocahantas ” while speaking with Navajo military veterans who

Prompt 521:
White House budget director Mick Mulvaney has legal standing to take charge of U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , a role he began on Monday , White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said . “ Director

Prompt 522:
The U.S. Congress is hurtling toward some major deadlines on tax legislation , the budget and other policies . Some of the deadlines are hard and some are soft as the end of 2017 approaches

Prompt 523:
Republican Senator Rand Paul said on Monday he will vote for a tax bill headed to the U.S. Senate floor for debate this week , settling questions about his support for the measure , although

Prompt 524:
The U.S. Senate plans to vote on its tax overhaul package this week , the No . 2 Republican in the chamber said on Monday . “ The current plan this week is to vote

Prompt 525:
A federal court in the District of Columbia is due to hear arguments on Monday afternoon at 4:30 p.m. EST ( 2130 GMT ) on the question of who should lead the Consumer Financial Protection

Prompt 526:
U.S . Senator Al Franken , trying to salvage his political career amid accusations of groping or inappropriately touching women , said on Sunday he does not plan to resign but called himself “ embarrassed

Prompt 527:
Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer plans to meet on Monday afternoon with Leandra English , the Democrats ’ pick to lead the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . Schumer and Senator Elizabeth Warren will meet

Prompt 528:
Republican Senator Rand Paul , a fiscal hawk who has sometimes opposed his party ’ s spending plans , said on Monday he planned to vote for the U.S. Senate tax bill and urged his

Prompt 529:
A battle over who should run the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) in the coming months was set for court as Obama-era holdovers sought to maintain their control over a powerful watchdog

Prompt 530:
U.S . Senator Elizabeth Warren is due to meet Leandra English , an official with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CPFB ) , on Monday afternoon to discuss the leadership of the agency ,

Prompt 531:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 532:
The U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) has been thrown into disarray by a battle between the White House and Obama-era officials over who gets to run the federal watchdog on an interim

Prompt 533:
A senior U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau official filed suit late on Sunday trying to prevent President Donald Trump from naming an acting head of the watchdog agency , but its top lawyer concluded Trump

Prompt 534:
The top lawyer for the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) has concluded that President Donald Trump has the authority to name its acting director , three sources familiar with the matter said

Prompt 535:
U.S. Representative John Conyers is stepping down as senior Democrat on the House of Representatives Judiciary Committee , while lawmakers investigate allegations of sexual harassment against him , Conyers said in an emailed statement on

Prompt 536:
The deputy director of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau late on Sunday filed a lawsuit seeking to halt President Donald Trump from naming an official to run the watchdog agency on an interim basis

Prompt 537:
A battle between the White House and Democrats over warring appointments to head up the top U.S. regulator for consumer finance is likely headed for the courts , opening any interim actions by the agency

Prompt 538:
The White House may name an acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , the Justice Department said in a memo on Saturday that endorsed an action by the Trump administration . “ The

Prompt 539:
U.S. President Donald Trump gave a bullish Thanksgiving address to troops overseas on Thursday , hailing progress in Afghanistan and against ISIS , and telling them they were fighting for “ something real , ”

Prompt 540:
U.S. President Donald Trump has designated White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau until a permanent director is nominated and confirmed , the White House said on Friday

Prompt 541:
U.S. President Donald Trump has designated White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney to be acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau until a permanent director is nominated and confirmed , the White House said

Prompt 542:
Lawyers for former national security adviser Michael Flynn have halted communications with U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s legal team , a potentially critical step in the probe into contacts between Trump ’ s election

Prompt 543:
U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Senate Republicans next week to discuss their party ’ s efforts to pass tax reform legislation , the chairman of the Senate Republican Policy Committee said on Friday

Prompt 544:
Lawyers for Michael Flynn , President Donald Trump ’ s former national security adviser , have told Trump ’ s legal team they can no longer discuss a probe into Russian meddling in the U.S.

Prompt 545:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Wednesday ordered a review of a government database used for background checks on gun buyers , after a man who killed 26 people in a Texas church was left

Prompt 546:
Jamie Dimon , chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co , on Wednesday said he expects to see a new U.S. president in 2021 and advised the Democratic party to come up with a

Prompt 547:
The communications director for U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore has resigned amid the Alabama Republican ’ s efforts to combat allegations of sexual misconduct that have roiled his campaign . News of the departure of

Prompt 548:
U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with congressional leaders next week to discuss “ end-of-year legislative issues , ” a White House spokeswoman said on Wednesday . Republicans are rushing to pass a major tax

Prompt 549:
The United States on Wednesday called the Myanmar military operation against the Rohingya population “ ethnic cleansing ” and threatened targeted sanctions against those responsible for what it called “ horrendous atrocities. ” “ The

Prompt 550:
President Donald Trump defended embattled U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore on Tuesday , saying the Alabama Republican had denied allegations of sexual misconduct and emphasizing that he did not want Moore ’ s Democratic opponent

Prompt 551:
The pace slowed in the third week of enrollment for 2018 Obamacare individual insurance as nearly 800,000 people signed up through the federal government website HealthCare.gov , down about 75,000 people from the previous week

Prompt 552:
The United States hopes its determination that ethnic cleansing occurred against the Rohingya will raise pressure on Myanmar ’ s military and civilian leadership to respond to the crisis and allow displaced people to return

Prompt 553:
As Democrats try to win control of the U.S. Congress in next year ’ s midterm elections , their hopes of picking up a Senate seat in Republican-dominated Texas rest with a telegenic ex-punk rocker

Prompt 554:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday reignited a feud with the father of one of the three UCLA basketball players who were detained in China on suspicion of shoplifting , calling him an “ ungrateful

Prompt 555:
The tax overhaul pushed by President Donald Trump and fellow Republicans is prompting a slew of attack ads by Democrats and progressive groups that say the legislation would lavish benefits on corporations and the rich

Prompt 556:
Haitian immigrants on Tuesday decried a U.S. decision to end a program that granted 59,000 Haitians temporary visas after the 2010 earthquake , saying they would be sent back to a country that has yet

Prompt 557:
The head of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission unveiled plans on Tuesday to repeal landmark 2015 rules that prohibited internet service providers from impeding consumer access to web content in a move that promises to

Prompt 558:
The House of Representatives Ethics Committee said on Tuesday it was investigating allegations of sexual harassment against U.S. Representative John Conyers , who said his office had resolved a harassment case with a payment but

Prompt 559:
A group of about a dozen U.S. State Department officials have taken the unusual step of formally accusing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson of violating a federal law designed to stop foreign militaries from enlisting

Prompt 560:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday stood by his criticism of pay TV and wireless company AT & T ’ s deal to buy movie and TV show maker Time Warner Inc , which the

Prompt 561:
The U.S. House of Representatives Ethics Committee said on Tuesday it is investigating allegations of sexual harassment against Representative John Conyers . Conyers , a Michigan Democrat , said earlier on Tuesday his office had

Prompt 562:
With NAFTA talks grinding toward stalemate , U.S. President Donald Trump may be tempted to carry out his threat to withdraw from the trade pact , but legal experts say such a decision could be

Prompt 563:
The U.S. Department of Justice ’ s move to block AT & T Inc ’ s $ 85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner Inc was “ foolish ” because the deal posed no threat to

Prompt 564:
The U.S. Department of Justice ’ s lawsuit aimed at stopping AT & T Inc from buying movie and TV show provider Time Warner Inc will be heard by District Court Judge Richard Leon ,

Prompt 565:
President Donald Trump , who has raised eyebrows by mulling his power to pardon as investigators probe possible ties between his 2016 election campaign and Russia , used his authority in a less controversial way

Prompt 566:
New York State Attorney Eric Schneiderman on Tuesday said he has been investigating for six months who posted significant numbers of fake comments filed with the Federal Communications Commission in its review of net neutrality

Prompt 567:
U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke on the phone for about an hour on Tuesday and covered topics including Syria , Ukraine , Iran , North Korea and Afghanistan , a

Prompt 568:
The Department of Homeland Security violated two court orders in the days after U.S. President Donald Trump issued a temporary travel ban on citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries , according to the department ’ s

Prompt 569:
The United States has charged a former Senegalese foreign minister and a former top Hong Kong government official with links to a Chinese energy conglomerate with bribing high-level officials in Chad and Uganda in exchange

Prompt 570:
After deep cuts in spending for Florida schools and other public programs following the Great Recession , outgoing Republican Governor Rick Scott this month proposed an $ 87.4 billion budget he says boosts spending on

Prompt 571:
Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump will discuss North Korea when they hold a telephone conversation on Tuesday , Interfax news agency cited Kremlin aide Yuri Ushakov as saying . Kremlin spokesman

Prompt 572:
Members of the U.S. Congress said on Tuesday operations carried out against the Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar had “ all the hallmarks ” of ethnic cleansing , while the country ’ s leader Aung San

Prompt 573:
The White House asked the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday to allow President Donald Trump ’ s latest travel ban to take full effect after an appeals court in California ruled last week that only

Prompt 574:
The United States in July 2019 will end a special status given to about 59,000 Haitian immigrants that protects them from deportation after a devastating 2010 earthquake , senior Trump administration officials said on Monday

Prompt 575:
Members of U.S. Congress said on Tuesday they were disturbed by the harsh response of Myanmar ’ s security forces to attacks by militants in August which they said bore “ all the hallmarks of

Prompt 576:
A federal court judge in California on Monday blocked an executive order from President Donald Trump to deny some federal grants to so-called sanctuary cities , undermining the administration ’ s crackdown on illegal immigration

Prompt 577:
The White House wants to see a Republican elected to the U.S. Senate from Alabama to help pass a tax overhaul bill , a senior adviser said on Monday , indicating a possible shift toward

Prompt 578:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s administration will provide details of its plans to overhaul welfare in the first few weeks of 2018 , a White House spokeswoman said on Monday . “ This is

Prompt 579:
A decision by Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc ( MUFG ) to shift its U.S. banks from state regulators to a federal bank regulator is garnering scrutiny from a pair of U.S. Democratic senators .

Prompt 580:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday said he plans to take up healthcare , infrastructure and welfare reform issues soon after Republicans ’ tax overhaul is finalized , which the party has pledged to complete

Prompt 581:
In August , a dozen inventors gathered around a fire pit outside the headquarters of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in Alexandria , Virginia , and set alight patents they said had been rendered

Prompt 582:
U.S. President Donald Trump predicted on Sunday that Senator Jeff Flake will oppose the Republican tax bill , but the senator ’ s office says he has not yet made up his mind . “

Prompt 583:
A bipartisan Harvard University project aimed at protecting elections from hacking and propaganda will release its first set of recommendations today on how U.S. elections can be defended from hacking attacks . The 27-page guidebook

Prompt 584:
U.S. President Donald Trump would not insist on including repeal of an Obama-era health insurance mandate in a bill intended to enact the biggest overhaul of the tax code since the 1980s , a senior

Prompt 585:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Sunday the repeal of the Obamacare individual healthcare mandate was not a bargaining chip in negotiations over the Senate tax legislation . “ This is all about getting

Prompt 586:
U.S. President Donald Trump would not object to removing a provision in a Senate Republican tax plan that would repeal the Obamacare mandate if it “ becomes an impediment , ” White House budget director

Prompt 587:
The top U.S. nuclear commander said on Saturday that he would resist President Donald Trump if he ordered an “ illegal ” launch of nuclear weapons . Air Force General John Hyten , commander of

Prompt 588:
An association of Cuban businesswomen has asked to meet with Republican Senator Marco Rubio of Florida to explain the impact on the country ’ s nascent private sector of rolling back a detente in U.S.

Prompt 589:
In a move certain to please conservatives , President Donald Trump on Friday added five names to his list of candidates for a prospective U.S. Supreme Court vacancy as he presses ahead with a campaign

Prompt 590:
The White House on Friday said it had asked Congress for $ 44 billion in supplemental disaster assistance to help those hurt by recent hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico , Texas , Florida and the

Prompt 591:
Pro-trade Republicans in the U.S. Congress are growing worried that U.S. President Donald Trump may try to quit the NAFTA free trade deal entirely rather than negotiate a compromise that preserves its core benefits .

Prompt 592:
The outcome of Alabama ’ s Dec. 12 U.S. Senate election probably will not be certified until Dec. 26 at the earliest , a state official said on Friday , making it unlikely the race

Prompt 593:
U.S. President Donald Trump has begun paying his own legal bills related to the Russia investigation and will no longer cover the costs using political donations to his re-election campaign or the Republican Party ,

Prompt 594:
The wife of Republican U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore of Alabama said on Friday her husband would not end his campaign in the wake of sexual misconduct allegations , dismissing reports about his past behavior

Prompt 595:
Jared Kushner ’ s lawyer failed to give the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee documents President Donald Trump ’ s son-in-law and senior adviser received about a “ Russian backdoor overture and dinner invite , ”

Prompt 596:
The majority of small businesses and non-corporate enterprises known as “ pass-throughs ” would see a significant tax cut under the Republican tax plan , U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday . “

Prompt 597:
From Pataskala , Ohio , to Conroe , Texas , local government leaders worry that if Republican tax-overhaul plans moving through the U.S. Congress become law , it will be harder for them to pave

Prompt 598:
Congressional Republicans took important steps on Thursday toward the biggest U.S. tax-code overhaul since the 1980s , with the House of Representatives approving a broad package of tax cuts , and a Senate panel advancing

Prompt 599:
A radio broadcaster accused U.S . Senator Al Franken on Thursday of touching her breasts while she slept and forcing a kiss on her in 2006 when he was still a comedian and the two

Prompt 600:
President Donald Trump finds the sexual misconduct allegations against U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore “ troubling ” and thinks he should leave the race if they are true , the White House said on Thursday

Prompt 601:
A U.S. congressional proposal that would eliminate income tax exemptions for certain airlines could affect major Gulf carriers , potentially worsening an international spat between U.S. airlines and their Middle East rivals . U.S. airlines

Prompt 602:
Senator John McCain warned President Donald Trump on Thursday against nominating any more defense industry insiders to top Pentagon posts , as his committee questioned an executive from Lockheed Martin Corp about potential conflicts of

Prompt 603:
The U.S . Interior Department has failed to provide documentation needed for an internal probe of Secretary Ryan Zinke ’ s travels , the department ’ s inspector general said on Thursday . “ Our

Prompt 604:
One thing is definitely going right for U.S. President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans who control Congress : they are steadily getting conservatives appointed as judges , advancing their long-held ambition of reshaping the

Prompt 605:
Two more women came forward on Wednesday with allegations of sexual misconduct against Republican U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore , one accusing him of groping her and the other of forcing a kiss on her

Prompt 606:
U.S. President Donald Trump believes Republican U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore should step aside if sexual misconduct allegations against him are true , the White House said on Thursday . “ The president believes that

Prompt 607:
The Alabama Republican Party said on Thursday it supported embattled U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore after allegations of sexual misconduct roiled the race . “ Judge Moore has vehemently denied the allegations made against him

Prompt 608:
A chorus of concern in the U.S. Congress over the potential national security threat of State Department staff cuts grew on Thursday when every Democrat on the House of Representatives Foreign Affairs Committee signed a

Prompt 609:
President Donald Trump will announce his decision next week on whether to put North Korea on a U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism , the White House said on Thursday . “ I believe

Prompt 610:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he wants to craft changes to a just-passed tax overhaul bill to provide “ additional tax incentives ” that would help Puerto Ricans recover from

Prompt 611:
The U.S. Senate passed a $ 700 billion defense policy bill on Thursday , backing President Donald Trump ’ s call for a bigger , stronger military , but leaving unsettled how to fund the

Prompt 612:
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission wants to rollback landmark media ownership regulations that prohibit owning a television station and newspaper in the same market and making it easier to acquire additional TV or radio stations

Prompt 613:
Former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page on Thursday delivered subpoenaed documents he described as “ irrelevant and unnecessary ” to two congressional committees investigating alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election . Page ,

Prompt 614:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday there could be an opportunity for talks between North Korea and the United States if Pyongyang stopped testing and developing its nuclear and missile programs . “

Prompt 615:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday acknowledged the thanks he received from three UCLA basketball players who had been detained in China for shoplifting and were released after he raised the case with his Chinese

Prompt 616:
A Republican senator who has publicly opposed the current draft of the Senate tax reform plan said on Thursday he wants to see more tax relief for pass-through businesses , like partnerships , because he

Prompt 617:
Senator Susan Collins is back in the spotlight as a crucial swing vote in the U.S. Senate as she raises questions about how combining a Republican tax-cut plan with a partial repeal of Obamacare will

Prompt 618:
A Senate Republican tax plan that would repeal the Obamacare mandate and give permanent tax cuts only to U.S. corporations drew fire from two Republican lawmakers on Wednesday in what could be a sign of

Prompt 619:
State and local governments could suffer hits to revenue collections under the tax reform bills being considered in the U.S. Senate and House because of the potential loss of a federal subsidy applied to bond

Prompt 620:
Republican lawmakers are pressing forward with an investigation into the 2010 sale of a Canadian uranium company , which owned 20 percent of U.S. uranium supplies , to a Russian government firm , despite five

Prompt 621:
President Donald Trump plans to nominate Melissa Burnison , a nuclear energy industry lobbyist , to serve as assistant secretary in charge of congressional and intergovernmental affairs at the U.S. Energy Department , the White

Prompt 622:
Two senior U.S. senators asked Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Wednesday to explain “ questionable management practices ” at his department that they believe are weakening the country ’ s diplomatic power , adding

Prompt 623:
Venture capitalists and startup executives , who had mounted a campaign against a proposal to change how the federal government taxes stock options , expressed relief on Wednesday after the U.S. Senate dropped the measure

Prompt 624:
Republican U.S . Senator Ron Johnson said he opposes the Senate Republican tax proposal because it unfairly benefits corporations more than other types of businesses . “ If they can pass it without me ,

Prompt 625:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is scheduled to appear behind closed doors for an interview with the U.S. House of Representatives ’ intelligence committee on Nov. 30 , a Department of Justice spokesman said on

Prompt 626:
The internal watchdog at the U.S. Justice Department said on Wednesday he hopes to complete his review by early spring into whether the Federal Bureau of Investigation erred when it announced it was reopening its

Prompt 627:
The chairman of the House of Representatives ’ tax-writing committee on Wednesday predicted there will be strong support for repealing the Obamacare individual healthcare mandate when House-Senate negotiators hash out differences in their tax reform

Prompt 628:
The Trump administration publicly released on Wednesday its rules for deciding whether to disclose cyber security flaws or keep them secret , in an effort to bring more transparency to a process that has long

Prompt 629:
The Republican-controlled U.S. House of Representatives could vote to pass a tax reform bill that also repeals the Obamacare health insurance mandate if the Senate includes the provision in its final version of the plan

Prompt 630:
A report to the U.S. Congress released on Wednesday accused Chinese state media entities of involvement in spying and propaganda and said their staff in the United States should be required to register as foreign

Prompt 631:
U.S. Senate Republicans on Tuesday linked repealing a key component of Obamacare to their ambitious tax-cut plan , raising new political risks and uncertainties for the tax measure that financial markets have been monitoring closely

Prompt 632:
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday that he wanted to work with the White House to explore ways to keep embattled Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore from taking office if he wins

Prompt 633:
The U.S. small business community on Tuesday wrote to lawmakers urging them to step up efforts to roll back regulation introduced in the wake of the 2007-09 financial crisis that they say has stymied lending

Prompt 634:
British primatologist Jane Goodall sent a letter to every U.S. senator on Tuesday urging them to oppose a push in the U.S. Congress to allow oil drilling in Alaska ’ s Arctic National Wildlife Refuge

Prompt 635:
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday threw his support behind including a repeal of the Obamacare mandate for individual health insurance in the Senate ’ s tax reform bill . “ We ’ re

Prompt 636:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions acknowledged on Tuesday he was aware of contact between Donald Trump ’ s election campaign and Russian intermediaries , again modifying a previous statement about the extent of connections to

Prompt 637:
The House of Representatives will adopt mandatory training on sexual harassment and discrimination , Speaker Paul Ryan said on Tuesday after members of Congress shared stories of women being propositioned and groped in the halls

Prompt 638:
A former government official criticized for being the principal author of the legal justifications for “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” was narrowly confirmed by the Senate on Tuesday as the top lawyer for the U.S.

Prompt 639:
The U.S. House of Representatives passed a $ 700 billion defense policy bill on Tuesday , backing President Donald Trump ’ s call for a bigger , stronger military , but failing to decide how

Prompt 640:
The Republican National Committee is withdrawing support for Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore after allegations surfaced that he had sexual contact with teenage girls decades ago , Politico reported on Tuesday , citing a

Prompt 641:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday denied that he misled legislators when he previously failed to disclose a meeting he attended with then-candidate Donald Trump and aides where campaign connections to Russia were discussed

Prompt 642:
U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said there was deep concern about allegations of sexual misconduct against U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore and that he was looking options to prevent him from taking office .

Prompt 643:
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell led a chorus of establishment Republicans on Monday urging Roy Moore , the party ’ s Senate candidate in Alabama , to quit the race as a fifth woman

Prompt 644:
A U.S. Senate committee on Tuesday held the first congressional hearing in more than four decades on the president ’ s authority to launch a nuclear strike , amid concern that tensions over North Korea

Prompt 645:
Republican U.S . Senator Rand Paul on Tuesday said he will seek changes to the Senate ’ s tax cut bill to add a provision to repeal Obamacare ’ s requirement that Americans pay a

Prompt 646:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said on Tuesday he “ has no reason to doubt ” five women who have accused U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore of sexual misconduct with them when they were in

Prompt 647:
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte attacked Canada ’ s Justin Trudeau at the end of a summit of Asian and Western nations for raising questions about his war on drugs , a topic skirted by other

Prompt 648:
The White House is considering Mohammed El-Erian , chief economic adviser at German insurance giant Allianz , among other possible candidates , to be a vice chair at the U.S. Federal Reserve , CNBC said

Prompt 649:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Tuesday he now recalls a meeting in March 2016 that has come under scrutiny as part of Special Counsel Robert Mueller ’ s investigation into whether President Donald Trump

Prompt 650:
The Republican and Democratic leaders of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee blasted the U.S. State Department on Tuesday for cuts in staff and what they described as a failure to have a plan for

Prompt 651:
U.S. lawmakers may have to pass another stop-gap spending bill in order to keep the federal government operating Dec. 8 when existing money runs out , U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters on Tuesday

Prompt 652:
Leaders from across Asia joined U.S. President Donald Trump at an extravagant gala dinner in the Philippines ’ capital on Sunday , a show of amity in a region fraught with tensions that have lurked

Prompt 653:
A year after Donald Trump was elected president on a promise to revive the ailing U.S. coal industry , the sector ’ s long-term prospects for growth and hiring remain as bleak as ever .

Prompt 654:
U.S. President Donald Trump left the Philippines on Tuesday without attending an annual East Asia Summit , due to delays in the schedule of the program of meetings . Trump told reporters on Air Force

Prompt 655:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has asked Justice Department prosecutors to decide if a special counsel should be appointed to investigate certain Republican concerns , including alleged wrongdoing by the Clinton Foundation and the sale

Prompt 656:
A proposal by the U.S. Senate to change the way shares in startup companies are taxed incited panic and dread in Silicon Valley on Monday , with startup founders and investors warning of nothing less

Prompt 657:
U.S . Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky said he returned to work on Monday , more than a week after he suffered six broken ribs when tackled by a neighbor while mowing his lawn .

Prompt 658:
The U.S. Senate voted Monday to approve a senior Transportation Department nominee and advance another nomination , after Republicans accused Democrats of blocking some nominees to push for funding of a New York area infrastructure

Prompt 659:
Congressional Republicans pushed ahead on Monday on a U.S. tax code overhaul as a Senate panel considered the issue , but risks lay ahead with major intraparty disputes unsettled and President Donald Trump returning soon

Prompt 660:
President Donald Trump on Monday said he is nominating former pharmaceutical executive and industry lobbyist Alex Azar to serve as U.S. Health and Human Services secretary , saying Azar would push to lower the price

Prompt 661:
The U.S. House of Representatives Republican leadership is confident it has the votes to pass a tax overhaul bill when it comes to the House floor later this week , the chairman of the tax-writing

Prompt 662:
President Donald Trump will meet with Republican members of the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday ahead of the chamber ’ s vote on tax reform legislation , the White House said on Monday .

Prompt 663:
The judge in the bribery trial of Democratic U.S . Senator Bob Menendez of New Jersey told a jury on Monday to continue deliberating after the panel said it was unable to reach a unanimous

Prompt 664:
The U.S. Supreme Court agreed on Monday to hear a conservative group ’ s free speech challenge to a Minnesota law prohibiting voters from wearing T-shirts or other apparel adorned with overtly political messages inside

Prompt 665:
Two U.S. House Democrats on Monday asked the Federal Communications Commission inspector general to probe whether FCC Chairman Ajit Pai was biased in favor of Sinclair Broadcast Group , which is seeking approval of a

Prompt 666:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday he had made significant progress on trade issues during a fruitful trip across Asia that saw governments roll out red carpets “ like nobody has ever seen ”

Prompt 667:
Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden on Monday left the door open to a presidential run to challenge Republican President Donald Trump in the 2020 election and said he is focused now on boosting Democrats

Prompt 668:
The head of the House of Representatives ’ tax-writing committee said on Sunday he would not accept elimination of a federal deduction for state and local taxes , opposing a proposal from Senate Republicans that

Prompt 669:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday attempted to clear up confusion over whether he accepts Russian President Vladimir Putin ’ s denials of meddling in the U.S. election last year . At a news conference

Prompt 670:
Two former top U.S. intelligence officials said on Sunday they fear President Donald Trump is being manipulated by Russian President Vladimir Putin , after Trump said he believed Putin was sincere in denying Russian meddling

Prompt 671:
Special counsel Robert Mueller ’ s team has questioned Sam Clovis , co-chairman of President Donald Trump ’ s election campaign , to determine if Trump or top aides knew of the extent of the

Prompt 672:
China and Vietnam avoided conflict over the South China Sea on Sunday when Chinese President Xi Jinping met Vietnam ’ s General Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong , hours after U.S. President Donald Trump offered to

Prompt 673:
U.S. President Donald Trump said in a tweet on Sunday that North Korean leader Kim Jong Un had insulted him by calling him “ old ” and said he would never call Kim “ short

Prompt 674:
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau hopped from one table to the next , chatted with people and posed for selfies on Sunday at a fastfood chain store in Manila , charming residents of the Philippines

Prompt 675:
U.S. President Donald Trump and Vietnamese President Tran Dai Quang underscored the importance of free and open access to South China Sea , in a joint statement issued on Sunday . The two leaders called

Prompt 676:
The Kremlin said on Sunday that inflexibility on the part of the United States was to blame for the lack of a bilateral meeting between Russia ’ s President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald

Prompt 677:
Donald Trump directly asked Russian President Vladimir Putin during their talks at a weekend summit in Vietnam whether allegations of Russian meddling in last year ’ s U.S. presidential election were true , RIA news

Prompt 678:
U.S. President Donald Trump arrived in the Philippine capital Manila on Sunday to attend an annual gathering of leaders from East and Southeast Asian countries . Trump arrived from Vietnam , where he attended the

Prompt 679:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Sunday that it was possible he could be friends with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un one day and that it would be “ very , very nice ”

Prompt 680:
Convincing big U.S. dairy owners to buy robots to milk their cows - and reduce the farmhands they employ - used to be a tough sell for Steve Fried . Recently , his job has

Prompt 681:
An alleged link between U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and Russia is being fabricated by Trump ’ s opponents as a weapon against Trump , Russian President Vladimir Putin

Prompt 682:
Acting Secretary of Homeland Security Elaine Duke on Friday denied reports that White House Chief of Staff John Kelly pressured her to end protections for tens of thousands of immigrants , and said she plans

Prompt 683:
The national campaign wing for U.S. Senate Republicans cut fund-raising ties on Friday with Roy Moore , the party ’ s nominee for a special Senate race in Alabama , a day after sexual misconduct

Prompt 684:
The lawyer for former U.S. national security adviser Michael Flynn on Friday labeled as “ outrageous ” and “ false ” media reports suggesting his client may have been involved in an alleged plan to

Prompt 685:
Attorneys representing Mike Flynn , a former aide to President Donald Trump , said on Friday a Wall Street Journal report about their client that included allegations “ ranging from kidnapping to bribery ” was

Prompt 686:
Unease among Republicans about a massive increase in the federal deficit could complicate passage of two tax-cut bills working their way through the U.S. Congress , endangering President Donald Trump ’ s top legislative priority

Prompt 687:
The Republican Party ’ s Senate campaign wing has severed its fundraising deal with Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore , Politico reported on Friday , a day after allegations emerged that he initiated a

Prompt 688:
U.S. Senate Republicans unveiled a tax plan on Thursday that differed from the House of Representatives ’ version on several key fronts , including how they treat the corporate tax rate , the tax deduction

Prompt 689:
The U.S wind energy industry on Friday cheered a Senate tax proposal that , unlike the House version unveiled last week , preserves the tax credit that helps wind farms compete with plants fired by

Prompt 690:
U.S. President Donald Trump lauded his Beijing meetings on trade and North Korea as “ very productive ” , ending a visit which Chinese media declared set a “ new blueprint ” for handling ties

Prompt 691:
As U.S. President Donald Trump left Beijing on Friday for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Vietnam , first lady Melania stayed behind to play tourist , viewing pandas at a zoo and visiting the

Prompt 692:
A woman has accused Roy Moore , the Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate in Alabama , of initiating a sexual encounter with her when she was 14 years old and he was 32 ,

Prompt 693:
Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton on Thursday urged a state lawmaker accused of sexual harassment to step down , the latest fallout from a growing chorus of harassment allegations gripping U.S. statehouses . Minnesota state Senator

Prompt 694:
U.S. President Donald Trump would want Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore to step aside if sexual misconduct allegations against him are true , White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said on Friday . A woman

Prompt 695:
Alphabet Inc ’ s Google unit told U.S. election regulators in a letter seen by Reuters on Thursday that it “ strongly supports ” tightening rules on online political advertising as part of efforts to

Prompt 696:
A U.S. Senate tax reform proposal unveiled on Thursday does not eliminate a $ 7,500 electric vehicle tax credit as Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives have proposed . Killing the credit could hurt

Prompt 697:
The man accused of tackling U.S . Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky and breaking his ribs as he was mowing his lawn pleaded not guilty on Thursday to a misdemeanor assault charge , a court

Prompt 698:
Republican U.S . Senators Marco Rubio and Mike Lee said they want a child tax credit to increase to $ 2,000 in a Senate tax bill unveiled on Thursday . “ While we are glad

Prompt 699:
Proposals from U.S. Republicans to repeal or restrict a popular deduction on federal income tax for state and local tax ( SALT ) payments would hit Americans in high-tax states . The 10 states with

Prompt 700:
A tax plan by U.S. Senate Republicans released on Thursday diverges in several ways from legislation being pushed by Republicans in the House of Representatives , complicating Republican efforts to fulfill their goal of overhauling

Prompt 701:
Americans are more likely to believe the wealthy will benefit most from the tax reform currently being pushed in the U.S. Congress by Republicans who insist their goal is to help the middle class ,

Prompt 702:
U.S. Republican Senator Jeff Flake on Thursday expressed concern about the Senate Republican tax proposal ’ s impact on the national debt . In a statement , Flake did not say how he might vote

Prompt 703:
The same political research firm that prepared a dossier on Trump campaign ties to Russia had unrelated information on Clinton Foundation donors that a Russian lawyer obtained and offered to President Donald Trump ’ s

Prompt 704:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence expressed “ deep concern ” to Turkey ’ s prime minister on Thursday about the arrests of American citizens and local staff of U.S. missions in Turkey , the White

Prompt 705:
A Republican-led committee in the U.S. House of Representatives approved a sweeping rewrite of U.S. tax law on Thursday , setting the stage for the House to vote on it , although momentum for overhauling

Prompt 706:
U.S. Senate Republicans are unveiling a tax proposal that differs markedly on corporate , business and individual tax cuts from legislation unveiled by their counterparts in the House of Representatives , Republican aides said on

Prompt 707:
U.S. Senate Republicans ’ version of a tax cut bill will delay corporate rate cuts by one year to take effect in 2019 , and will not include a repeal of Obamacare ’ s individual

Prompt 708:
U.S. Senate Republicans ’ tax proposal will include a full repeal of federal deductions for both state and local taxes on income , property and sales , Republican Senator Bill Cassidy told reporters on Thursday

Prompt 709:
A proposed tax on $ 2.6 trillion in foreign profits held offshore by U.S. multinational corporations would be raised under an amendment offered on Thursday by the chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives tax

Prompt 710:
The National Federation of Independent Business , a powerful lobbying group for U.S. small businesses , on Thursday threw its support behind a Republican tax reform bill in the U.S. House of Representatives after a

Prompt 711:
U.S. President Donald Trump pressed China to do more to rein in North Korea on Thursday and said bilateral trade had been unfair to the United States , but praised President Xi Jinping ’ s

Prompt 712:
A group of 37 U.S.-based scientists whose research focuses on Arctic wildlife asked two U.S. senators in a letter on Thursday not to open the National Arctic Wildlife Refuge to oil and gas exploration ,

Prompt 713:
The U.S. Treasury Department on Thursday sanctioned 10 more Venezuelan officials , including several government ministers , who it said had helped Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro ’ s attempts to undermine democratic rule in the

Prompt 714:
White House officials tried to pressure Acting Homeland Security Secretary Elaine Duke into expelling tens of thousands of Honduran immigrants , the Washington Post reported on Thursday , saying also that Duke said she planned

Prompt 715:
The U.S. Senate voted on Thursday 49-47 to confirm a top air quality official at the Environmental Protection Agency , despite concerns raised by lawmakers over his industry ties . William Wehrum , who had

Prompt 716:
The Republican-controlled U.S. House Ways and Means Committee will wrap up work on Thursday on major tax overhaul legislation , Chairman Kevin Brady said , which could bring the measure to a vote by the

Prompt 717:
U.S. Senate Republicans may include a repeal of Obamacare ’ s individual mandate in their version of the party ’ s tax cut plan , Republican Senator John Cornyn said on Thursday , adding that

Prompt 718:
U.S. Senate Republicans ’ version of a tax cut bill will delay corporate rate cuts by one year to take effect in 2019 , and will not include a repeal of Obamacare ’ s individual

Prompt 719:
U.S. Representative Bob Goodlatte , the Republican chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , said on Thursday he will not seek re-election next year . “ This is a natural stepping-off point , ” Goodlatte

Prompt 720:
Whether they like President Donald Trump or not , the U.S. veterans who gather at Hoa ’ s Place in Danang show little concern that he avoided the war that marked their lives . Trump

Prompt 721:
President Donald Trump can return to the United States claiming to have snagged over $ 250 billion in deals from his maiden trip to Beijing . Whether those deals live up to the lofty price

Prompt 722:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday he had discussed Russia ’ s violation of an arms control treaty with his NATO counterparts and they were looking at how to bring Moscow into compliance

Prompt 723:
Taiwan is the most important and sensitive issue in Sino-U.S. ties , Chinese President Xi Jinping told visiting U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday , ahead of the one-year anniversary of Trump taking a precedent-breaking

Prompt 724:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that he and Chinese President Xi Jinping would be focusing “ very strongly ” on the U.S opioid crisis , which he has declared a public health emergency

Prompt 725:
If Chinese President Xi Jinping was trying to impress U.S. President Donald Trump with lavish treatment during his visit to Beijing , it appears to have worked . Trump was effusive in his praise of

Prompt 726:
The United States and China had a frank exchange of views on the disputed South China Sea during a visit to Beijing by U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday , U.S. Secretary of State Rex

Prompt 727:
Continued stable development of China-U.S. economic ties will be a major contributor to global growth , Chinese President Xi Jinping said during meetings with United States President Donald Trump in Beijing . China and the

Prompt 728:
U.S. President Donald Trump went around and over the “ Great Firewall ” of China in a late-night tweet in Beijing as he thanked his hosts for a rare tour of the Forbidden City and

Prompt 729:
Democrats claimed historic gains in Virginia ’ s statehouse and booted Republicans from state and local office across the United States on Tuesday , in the party ’ s first big wave of victories since

Prompt 730:
A top Chinese coal miner , Yankuang Group , and U.S. industrial gas supplier Air Products and Chemicals Inc on Thursday said they planned to build a $ 3.5 billion coal-to-synthesis gas ( syngas )

Prompt 731:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday that there is “ no disagreement ” between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping over North Korea . Xi shared with Trump specific

Prompt 732:
The United States government upholds and sticks to the “ one China ” policy , U.S. President Donald Trump told Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday during talks in Beijing , China ’ s official

Prompt 733:
Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Thursday that China will persist with the goal of denuclearizing the Korean peninsula and solving the issue through talks . Xi made the comment standing next to U.S. President

Prompt 734:
Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Thursday China will be more open and transparent to foreign companies , including those from the United States . U.S. companies are also welcome to take part in China

Prompt 735:
China and the United States have created a “ miracle ” as companies from the world ’ s two largest economies signed deals worth some $ 253.4 billion over the past two days , China

Prompt 736:
U.S. President Donald Trump told Chinese President Xi Jinping on Thursday that he believes , like Xi , that there is a solution to the North Korea issue . It was too bad that past

Prompt 737:
The U.S. foreign service has seen its top ranks shrink under Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , according to a letter written by the head of the union representing U.S. diplomats and seen by Reuters

Prompt 738:
The U.S. Senate Banking Committee will hold a confirmation hearing on Nov. 28 for Jerome Powell , President Donald Trump ’ s nominee for chairman of the Federal Reserve , the committee said in a

Prompt 739:
A U.S. Senate tax-cut bill , differing from one in the House of Representatives , was expected to be unveiled on Thursday , complicating a Republican tax overhaul push and increasing skepticism on Wall Street

Prompt 740:
The U.S. government made it tougher on Wednesday for Americans to visit Cuba and do business in the country , making good on a pledge by President Donald Trump to roll back his Democratic predecessor

Prompt 741:
Democratic election victories in Virginia and New Jersey showed Republicans losing more ground in suburban areas , where President Donald Trump ’ s unpopularity could cost them dearly in next year ’ s congressional races

Prompt 742:
A congressional panel on Wednesday dropped attempts to force the founder of a firm that hired a former British spy to compile a dossier of links between the 2016 Trump election campaign and Russia to

Prompt 743:
Democrats on the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee have been undertaking their own investigation , without Republicans , on what they term “ Russia ’ s malign influence around the world , ” a spokesman

Prompt 744:
President Donald Trump is more popular with likely voters than he is with the general public , according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll that underscores why Republican lawmakers have largely stuck with the polarizing president despite

Prompt 745:
The Congressional Budget Office said on Wednesday that repealing the Obamacare individual mandate would increase the number of uninsured by 13 million by 2027 and reduce the federal budget deficit less than initially forecast .

Prompt 746:
The U.S. Congressional Budget Office on Wednesday said that repealing Obamacare ’ s individual mandate for health insurance would increase the number of uninsured by 13 million in 2027 . The CBO , the nonpartisan

Prompt 747:
Maine Governor Paul LePage said on Wednesday he would not carry out an expansion of the state ’ s Medicaid program under Obamacare that was approved by voters unless it was fully funded by the

Prompt 748:
A U.S. Senate committee on Wednesday advanced legislation to make it easier to penalize operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking , the most concrete action from Congress this year to tighten regulation of

Prompt 749:
A Democratic U.S . Senator from Michigan on Wednesday urged his fellow lawmakers to retain a $ 7,500 tax credit for people who buy electronic vehicles instead of eliminating it as Republicans have proposed .

Prompt 750:
The judge presiding over the criminal case against President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager issued a gag order on Wednesday barring anyone involved in the case from making public statements that might taint

Prompt 751:
The Minnesota Senate will furlough its workers and suspend operations as soon as Dec. 1 due to an ongoing funding dispute with Governor Mark Dayton , the chamber ’ s Republican leader announced on Wednesday

Prompt 752:
Alex Azar , a former pharmaceutical company executive , is U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s top pick to run the Department of Health and Human Services , two sources with knowledge of the confidential

Prompt 753:
U.S. voters picked climate change advocates in a handful of gubernatorial and state legislature races on Tuesday , providing a potential boost to state-level efforts to fight global warming through carbon trading schemes . Democratic-led

Prompt 754:
Donald Trump ’ s nominee to head the Department of Homeland Security told a U.S. Senate committee on Wednesday there was no need to build a wall on the Mexican border “ from sea to

Prompt 755:
Democrat Ralph Northam won a bitter race for Virginia governor on Tuesday , dealing a setback to President Donald Trump with a decisive victory over a Republican who had adopted some of the president ’

Prompt 756:
The Republican tax bill being debated in the U.S. House of Representatives would add $ 1.7 trillion to the federal budget deficit over 10 years , when recent changes put forth by the head of

Prompt 757:
The U.S. Senate is still on track to release on Thursday its version of a bill to overhaul the nation ’ s tax code , a congressional source told Reuters . Senate Finance Committee Chairman

Prompt 758:
With lavish pageantry and an uncharacteristic personal flourish , Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday rolled out a red carpet welcome for U.S President Donald Trump at the Forbidden City , the ancient home of

Prompt 759:
A bipartisan group of lawmakers in the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives introduced bills on Wednesday to toughen U.S. foreign investment rules amid growing concern about Chinese efforts to buy U.S. high-tech companies .

Prompt 760:
Members of U.S. congressional defense committees said on Wednesday they supported a plan for $ 700 billion in defense spending in fiscal year 2018 , backing President Donald Trump ’ s call for a boost

Prompt 761:
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Wednesday left the door open to a possible delay in when Republican ’ s tax cut plan would lower rates for corporations , following a media report that Senate

Prompt 762:
U.S. President Donald Trump arrived in China on Wednesday seeking help to rein in North Korea , telling the reclusive state ’ s leader he was putting his country in grave danger by developing nuclear

Prompt 763:
Meetings between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing this week will focus on addressing trade imbalances between the two countries , U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Wednesday .

Prompt 764:
The latest attempt to overhaul the U.S. federal flood insurance program hit a stumbling block , but a coalition of business and environmental groups renewed their push on Wednesday for lawmakers to enact an overhaul

Prompt 765:
The White House on Wednesday condemned missile attacks by Yemen ’ s Houthi militias on Saudi Arabia , saying they threatened the region ’ s security and undermined efforts to halt the conflict . Saudi

Prompt 766:
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday that missile attacks by Yemen ’ s Houthis targeting Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh were a reaction to what he called Saudi aggression . “ How should the Yemeni

Prompt 767:
Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio scored a decisive victory on Tuesday in his bid to secure a second four-year term in charge of the United States ’ biggest city . With more

Prompt 768:
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said on Wednesday that Moscow has never supported the imposition of a complete embargo on North Korea , RIA news agency reported . Ryabkov added that attempts by the

Prompt 769:
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross has divested his interests in oil tanker company Diamond S Shipping and is in the process of selling off his holdings in another shipping firm , Navigator Holdings , a

Prompt 770:
China ’ s foreign ministry on Wednesday said that China fully and strictly implements U.N. Security Council resolutions on North Korea and will investigate if there are activities that contravene resolutions . China upholds resolving

Prompt 771:
U.S. President Donald Trump will ask China to cut its financial links with North Korea and to abide by U.N. sanctions when meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing , a senior White House

Prompt 772:
Voters in Maine on Tuesday approved a ballot initiative to expand the state ’ s Medicaid program under Obamacare , sending a clear signal of support for the federal healthcare law to lawmakers in the

Prompt 773:
Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives forged ahead on Tuesday with legislation to reshape the federal tax code , while a top credit-ratings agency said the bill would balloon the budget deficit and give

Prompt 774:
The U.S. House of Representatives ’ tax panel continued debating amendments on Tuesday to a tax bill offered by congressional Republicans and President Donald Trump . The following are its major provisions , grouped as

Prompt 775:
A peace activist who laughed at then U.S . Senator Jeff Sessions during his confirmation hearing to become U.S. attorney general will no longer be prosecuted on charges of disrupting a session of Congress and

Prompt 776:
Democrat Phil Murphy was elected governor of New Jersey on Tuesday , CNN and MSNBC projected , sweeping to victory in the race to succeed unpopular Republican Governor Chris Christie on a liberal agenda that

Prompt 777:
China and the United States have common interests but the relationship needs careful handling , Chinese state-run media said on Wednesday ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s visit to Beijing . North Korea

Prompt 778:
U.S. President Donald Trump arrived in China on Wednesday seeking help to rein in North Korea , telling the reclusive state ’ s leader he was putting his country in grave danger by developing nuclear

Prompt 779:
Democrat Ralph Northam was elected on Tuesday as Virginia ’ s next governor , U.S. media projected , handing his party a sorely needed victory and beating back a challenge from a Republican opponent who

Prompt 780:
South Korean President Moon Jae-in had initially suggested on Tuesday that U.S. President Donald Trump make a visit to the demilitarized zone ( DMZ ) between North and South Korea , a Blue House official

Prompt 781:
The U.S. Senate Banking Committee unanimously backed new sanctions targeting Chinese banks that do business with North Korea on Tuesday , just before President Donald Trump visits Beijing for the first time since taking office

Prompt 782:
A Democratic Senator said on Tuesday he wants answers from top Justice Department officials about why a career prosecutor was asked to resign days before a special counsel unveiled the first criminal charges in an

Prompt 783:
The Kentucky county clerk who drew worldwide attention for her refusal to issue marriage licenses to gay couples two years ago will run for re-election next year , her attorney said on Tuesday . Rowan

Prompt 784:
A bipartisan group of dozens of former U.S . Homeland Security officials sent letters supporting the nomination of Kirstjen Nielsen as the new head of the department ahead of her confirmation hearing on Wednesday by

Prompt 785:
U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday that Senate Republicans would unveil their tax reform proposal on Friday . McConnell also told reporters that Republican Senator Rand Paul , who was injured in

Prompt 786:
The National Football League said on Tuesday it opposes a tax bill proposed by U.S. House of Representatives Republicans that could force teams to put up more of their own money to fund stadium construction

Prompt 787:
The top Democrat on a House of Representatives committee accused its Republican leaders of launching a spurious investigation of Hillary Clinton to divert attention from inquiries on alleged links between Donald Trump ’ s presidential

Prompt 788:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions will testify before the House Judiciary Committee about issues facing the Justice Department on Nov. 14 , the committee confirmed on Tuesday . The hearing will take place at 10

Prompt 789:
President Donald Trump will wrap up his visit to Seoul on Wednesday with a major speech on North Korea and then shift focus to China , where he is expected to press a reluctant President

Prompt 790:
U.S. House Republicans plan to bring their tax overhaul bill for a vote next week , U.S. House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said on Tuesday , adding that he expects the plan

Prompt 791:
During the eight years of the Obama administration , business lobbyists often found the gates to the White House closed tight . They are open now under President Donald Trump . That is not altogether

Prompt 792:
Three U.S. aircraft carrier strike groups will exercise together in the Western Pacific in the coming days in a rare show of force as President Donald Trump visits Asia with warnings about the nuclear threat

Prompt 793:
Carter Page , a former foreign policy adviser to President Donald Trump , testified to U.S. lawmakers that he met with a Russian deputy prime minister on two trips to Moscow in 2016 and consulted

Prompt 794:
Republican lawmakers on Monday began revising their proposed overhaul of the U.S. tax code , as Democrats pointed to the loss of popular deductions as proof the legislation was an assault on the middle class

Prompt 795:
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Monday he probably would not keep his holdings in a shipping company with business ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin ’ s inner circle and that he had

Prompt 796:
Please note that the story USA-TAX/STUDY headlined “ Wealthy win in U.S. House tax bill , taxes rise for some - think tank ” published at 2315 GMT is withdrawn after the Tax Policy Center

Prompt 797:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is due to testify before a congressional committee next week , three sources familiar with the matter said on Monday , offering Democrats a chance to question him about his

Prompt 798:
A U.S. district judge again declined to ease bail conditions for President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and his business associate Richard Gates on Monday , saying they still needed to

Prompt 799:
U.S. President Donald Trump asked Congress on Monday for $ 4 billion to support missile defense to counter the threat from North Korea , just ahead of his first visit to South Korea since taking

Prompt 800:
Two children , backed by the Clean Air Council environmental group , sued U.S. President Donald Trump and two of his Cabinet members on Monday to try to stop them from scrapping a package of

Prompt 801:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday that Japan would shoot North Korean missiles “ out of the sky ” if it bought the U.S. weaponry needed for doing so , suggesting Tokyo take a

Prompt 802:
A Russian lawyer who met Donald Trump Jr. during the 2016 election campaign said the U.S. president ’ s son told her his father , if elected , could return to the issue of a

Prompt 803:
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said there was nothing improper about his investments in a shipping firm with significant ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin ’ s inner circle , a BBC journalist reported on

Prompt 804:
Russian petrochemical holding Sibur said on Monday it had no direct dealings with U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and that its ties to its partners were not in breach of sanctions imposed on Russia over

Prompt 805:
India on Monday formed a panel of government officials to investigate cases that figure in the so-called Paradise Papers , a trove of leaked documents about offshore investments of wealthy individuals and institutions . Officials

Prompt 806:
President Donald Trump ’ s 90 percent cut to Obamacare advertising has U.S. health insurers in many states digging deeper into their pockets to get the word out about 2018 enrollment , which opened last

Prompt 807:
U.S . Senator Rand Paul ’ s return to Washington may be delayed after he suffered five broken ribs during an assault at his Kentucky home , media reported on Sunday , citing a senior

Prompt 808:
Every American president has a favorite foreign leader . For Donald Trump , it seems to be Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . The two leaders toasted their “ bromance ” on Monday as they

Prompt 809:
Family members of Japanese abducted by North Korea met U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday and welcomed his sympathy for their “ very sad ” plight , but said it meant nothing unless it led

Prompt 810:
U.S. President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe did not discuss a bilateral free trade agreement ( FTA ) at their summit meeting on Monday , a senior Japanese government spokesman said .

Prompt 811:
U.S. President Donald Trump greeted Japanese Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko on Monday with a genteel handshake and nod , but no bow , avoiding the pitfall of U.S. President Barack Obama who was criticized

Prompt 812:
China said on Monday that it hopes all sides ’ words and actions can help reduce tensions on the Korean peninsula , after Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Japan would shoot down North Korean

Prompt 813:
Special Counsel Robert Mueller has collected sufficient evidence to charge Michael Flynn , U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s former national security adviser , and his son , NBC News reported on Sunday , citing

Prompt 814:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Sunday that Republican lawmakers are weighing a “ host of ideas ” as the House tax-writing committee begins revising a tax bill this week , though

Prompt 815:
Special Counsel Robert Mueller pushed back on Sunday against Paul Manafort ’ s efforts to avoid house arrest , arguing that President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager needed to further detail the finances

Prompt 816:
The former head of the U.S. Democratic National Committee on Sunday defended her assertion that she had seriously considered proposing to replace Hillary Clinton as the party ’ s 2016 presidential nominee , and said

Prompt 817:
A man has been arrested for assaulting U.S . Senator Rand Paul at his Kentucky home on Friday and causing a “ minor injury , ” the state police said . Rene Boucher , 59

Prompt 818:
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Sunday that special counsel Robert Mueller should not be fired or step down , and needs to be allowed to follow his Russia investigation to its end .

Prompt 819:
U.S. House speaker Paul Ryan said his colleagues might use the tax overhaul currently under consideration to repeal the Affordable Care Act provision that mandates individuals buy health insurance . “ We have an active

Prompt 820:
The Republican tax bill unveiled last week in the U.S. Congress could disrupt the global supply chains of large , multinational companies by slapping a 20-percent tax on cross-border transactions they routinely make between related

Prompt 821:
U.S. President Donald Trump publicly appealed on Saturday for Saudi Arabia to list national oil company Saudi Aramco ’ s shares in New York , intervening in a battle among the world ’ s top

Prompt 822:
U.S. President Donald Trump , who arrived in Japan on Sunday , said he spoke with the king of Saudi Arabia about listing national oil company Saudi Aramco ’ s shares in New York and

Prompt 823:
The head of the Democratic National Committee on Saturday vowed to ensure all candidates have an equal chance to win the Democratic presidential nomination after a former party chair accused the committee of rigging the

Prompt 824:
President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort offered to post more than $ 12 million in real estate and life insurance assets and to limit his travel in a bid to avoid

Prompt 825:
When the lawyer for the former campaign manager of President Donald Trump attacked the money laundering charge brought against his client as flimsy , some legal experts say he may have pinpointed a potential weakness

Prompt 826:
George H.W . Bush and his son George W. Bush did not vote for fellow Republican Donald Trump last year , says the author of a new book on the 41st and 43rd U.S. presidents

Prompt 827:
Islamic State has claimed responsibility for a truck attack this week that killed eight people in the deadliest assault on New York City since Sept. 11 , 2001 . The militant group on Thursday described

Prompt 828:
Saddled with the toughest job in American diplomacy , the chief U.S. negotiator with North Korea stands between a U.S. president who insists he doesn ’ t want to talk and an enemy who shows

Prompt 829:
A foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump ’ s presidential campaign met Russian government officials last year , the New York Times reported on Friday , citing testimony he gave this week to a U.S.

Prompt 830:
President Donald Trump said on Friday he did not remember much about a meeting last year with a former campaign aide who pleaded guilty last month as part of a federal probe into alleged Russian

Prompt 831:
President Donald Trump arrived in Hawaii on Friday as he set out on the longest trip to Asia by an American president in more than a quarter century , looking for help to pressure North

Prompt 832:
A U.S. judge on Friday denied a request for Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya , who met with Donald Trump Jr. during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign , to return to the United States to attend

Prompt 833:
The sister of the Uzbek immigrant accused of killing eight people in New York said her brother might have been brainwashed and appealed to U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday to ensure he gets a

Prompt 834:
Republicans ’ tax plan would not make adjustments retroactive , White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said on Friday , despite calls from U.S. lawmakers who want cuts to apply to 2017 as the party

Prompt 835:
A federal judge on Friday proposed a May 7 trial date for former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and associate Rick Gates , who were indicted on charges including money laundering , according to a

Prompt 836:
Two senior U.S. House of Representatives Republicans said on Friday they have agreed on terms for the reauthorization of the deeply indebted National Flood Insurance Program . House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and

Prompt 837:
U.S. President Donald Trump is pushing Republicans to change their tax-cut bill to include a repeal of the Obamacare mandate that requires individuals to buy health insurance or pay a fine , the House of

Prompt 838:
Democratic-leaning states are set to bankroll a big chunk of the tax cuts unveiled in a Republican tax plan on Thursday , as the plan slashes deductions used the most by residents of states that

Prompt 839:
North Korea called on Friday for a halt to what it called “ brutal sanctions ” , saying the measures - imposed after its latest nuclear test - constituted genocide . “ Today the U.S.-led

Prompt 840:
Twitter Inc faced questions on Friday about its approach to internal security after a company employee briefly deactivated U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s account . The 11-minute blackout of the @ realDonaldTrump account late

Prompt 841:
A bipartisan group of lawmakers in the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives will introduce bills as soon as Monday to toughen U.S. foreign investment rules amid growing concern about Chinese deals , according to

Prompt 842:
The chairman of the House of Representatives tax writing committee said on Friday he planned to offer an additional amendment to the Republican tax reform bill . “ At the start of our markup on

Prompt 843:
Three Republican U.S. lawmakers called on Friday for Robert Mueller to resign as special counsel investigating Russia and the 2016 U.S. election , the latest in a series of conservatives ’ criticisms of the FBI

Prompt 844:
The U.S. House of Representatives on Friday approved legislation to continue a federal insurance program for millions of lower-income children and pregnant women , but with an ongoing funding battle it could be weeks before

Prompt 845:
U.S. President Donald Trump said he was unsure whether his top diplomat , Rex Tillerson , would remain in his post for the rest of Trump ’ s term in the White House and was

Prompt 846:
President Donald Trump said on Friday he would spend an extra day in the Philippines during his trip to Asia , which the White House confirmed would be to attend the East Asia Summit taking

Prompt 847:
The Sierra Club and five other U.S. environmental groups sued a White House advisory council and the U.S . Interior Department , saying they were illegally withholding information about a review of public land designations

Prompt 848:
U.S. President Donald Trump will tell leaders on a five-nation Asia tour the world is “ running out of time ” on North Korea ’ s nuclear crisis and that he will give his strategy

Prompt 849:
Ivanka Trump , U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s daughter and informal adviser , told a summit in Tokyo on Friday that the world must boost women and minority participation in the fields of science

Prompt 850:
U.S. House of Representatives Republicans unveiled long-delayed legislation on Thursday to deliver deep tax cuts that President Donald Trump has promised , setting off a frantic race in Congress to give him his first major

Prompt 851:
Construction of the Dwight D. Eisenhower National Memorial kicked off symbolically on Thursday after years of opposition to the late U.S. president ’ s $ 150 million monument by critics who balked at its cost

Prompt 852:
Many of the immigration initiatives launched by the Trump administration in recent weeks target one kind of migrant : children . The measures are aimed at expelling young people already in the United States illegally

Prompt 853:
A senior Chinese diplomat said on Friday China has made its best efforts to resolve issues on the Korean peninsula , ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s state visit to Beijing next week

Prompt 854:
The South China Sea was not an issue between China and the United States , and Washington is expected to make a positive contribution instead of stirring up trouble , Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zheng

Prompt 855:
China has confidence in its economic relations with the United States going forward and will continue to open up and provide broader market access , Vice Foreign Minister Zheng Zeguang said on Friday . Zheng

Prompt 856:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday ending so-called chain migration , which allows legal immigrants to apply for relatives abroad to come to the United States , would be part of any legislation to

Prompt 857:
Just days after the killing of a prominent Cambodian government critic last year during a crackdown by the country ’ s longtime leader , President Barack Obama dispatched Washington ’ s chief human rights envoy

Prompt 858:
The United States has circulated a draft U.N. Security Council resolution that would extend by two years the mandate of an international inquiry into chemical weapons attacks in Syria , after Russia vetoed an extension

Prompt 859:
Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday released details of a 429-page tax bill that calls for slashing taxes on corporations , along with many other changes affecting individuals , families and businesses

Prompt 860:
The Republican tax plan unveiled on Thursday stirred anger at U.S. universities , which said its proposals to tax endowments of private institutions and repeal a deduction for student-loan interest payments would hurt institutions and

Prompt 861:
The U.S. House Republican tax bill released on Thursday would put an end to tax-exempt debt issuance by state and local governments for an array of health care , education , and economic development financing

Prompt 862:
U.S. money managers with reinsurance companies in Bermuda and the Cayman Islands could lose a valuable loophole under Republican proposals to overhaul the tax code unveiled on Thursday . The plan includes a 20 percent

Prompt 863:
Some wealthy owners of U.S. major-league sports teams may have to put up more of their own money to fund stadium construction under a tax bill proposed by U.S. House of Representatives Republicans , but

Prompt 864:
A New Jersey man who worked at the World Trade Center , a young New Yorker , a Belgian mother of two , and five Argentines celebrating their high school graduation 30 years ago were

Prompt 865:
A U.S. judge on Thursday ordered President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort to remain under home arrest and wear an electronic monitoring device for now as he awaits a tentative trial

Prompt 866:
Senate Democrats on Thursday demanded that Attorney General Jeff Sessions be recalled to testify on the Trump campaign ’ s Russia contacts after the disclosure of an effort to set up a meeting between then-Republican

Prompt 867:
Members of the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee said on Thursday they want Carter Page , a former foreign policy adviser to President Donald Trump ’ s campaign , to hand over more documents

Prompt 868:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday agreed to expand the use of disaster aid to help rebuild Puerto Rico ’ s power grid and other infrastructure wrecked by Hurricane Maria , the White House said

Prompt 869:
U.S. religious entities would be allowed to engage in political activity without the risk of losing their tax-exempt status under a Republican proposal to overhaul the tax code unveiled on Thursday , a move that

Prompt 870:
As a candidate , U.S. President Donald Trump promised to close the “ carried interest ” tax break that benefits some of Wall Street ’ s wealthiest financiers - but the Republican tax bill released

Prompt 871:
The story headlined “ U.S . House tax panel chairman says flexible on mortgage deduction ” published at 2050 GMT is withdrawn as U.S. House tax panel chairman Kevin Brady mistook the question which referred

Prompt 872:
A Republican tax bill unveiled on Thursday included cuts to renewable energy tax credits considered critical to enabling wind projects to compete with fossil fuel plants , but tax breaks for solar power were left

Prompt 873:
Jerome Powell was not on President Donald Trump ’ s early radar as a possible successor to Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen , and was angling instead for a job as the U.S. central bank

Prompt 874:
President Donald Trump on Thursday tapped Fed Governor Jerome Powell to become head of the U.S. central bank , breaking with precedent by denying Janet Yellen a second term but signaling a continuation of her

Prompt 875:
U.S. President Donald Trump supports the tax overhaul bill unveiled on Thursday by Republicans in the House of Representatives , a top White House advisor said . “ The bill that the House has delivered

Prompt 876:
President Donald Trump on Thursday tapped Federal Reserve Governor Jerome Powell to become head of the U.S. central bank , promoting a soft-spoken centrist to replace Janet Yellen when her term expires in February 2018

Prompt 877:
U.S. lawmakers proposed targeted sanctions and travel restrictions on Myanmar military officials on Thursday over the treatment of the country ’ s Rohingya Muslim minority , one of the strongest efforts yet for Washington to

Prompt 878:
House Republicans are proposing to eliminate the $ 7,500 tax credit for electric vehicles , which could hurt automakers like General Motors Co , Tesla Inc and Nissan Motor Co , according to the bill

Prompt 879:
A longtime associate of former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort has hired a new team of lawyers to defend himself against charges brought in a probe looking at alleged Russian interference in the U.S. election

Prompt 880:
A U.S. judge on Thursday warned lawyers for Paul Manafort and Richard Gates , former advisers to President Donald Trump ’ s presidential campaign , not to speak about their case outside of court ,

Prompt 881:
U.S. congressional Democrats filed suit on Thursday seeking the release of government documents related to Republican President Donald Trump ’ s ownership of a Washington hotel that critics say represents a conflict of interest .

Prompt 882:
U.S. Republican Representative Lee Zeldin said he would not support the tax reform legislation introduced by Republican congressional leaders on Thursday . “ I am a ‘ no ’ to this bill in its current

Prompt 883:
Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Thursday accused technology companies of failing to adequately help federal investigators access encrypted communications , saying over the past year that the FBI was blocked from accessing nearly 7,500 mobile

Prompt 884:
When President Donald Trump announced on Oct. 12 he would stop subsidies to health insurers critical to the Obamacare law , the response from Democratic state officials was swift and predictable : a lawsuit by

Prompt 885:
Ralph and Mike Waller are such ardent backers of President Donald Trump that they help stage a counter-protest every Wednesday in front of their Front Royal , Virginia , pawn shop , sparring with anti-Trump

Prompt 886:
Goldman Sachs Group Inc ( GS.N ) CEO Lloyd Blankfein said Thursday on Bloomberg TV that he would not be “ one bit disappointed ” if President Donald Trump nominated Jerome Powell as the new

Prompt 887:
Goldman Sachs Group Inc ( GS.N ) Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein will visit China as part of a business delegation in November at the same time as U.S. President Donald Trump , a Goldman spokesman

Prompt 888:
President Donald Trump repeatedly says his proposed tax cut would be the biggest in U.S. history , but it will not even come close to the record . Trump would be on target if he

Prompt 889:
Sam Clovis , a top adviser to President Donald Trump during his election campaign , on Thursday withdrew his candidacy for a senior administration post , just days after he was linked to another aide

Prompt 890:
Paul Manafort , a former campaign manager for President Donald Trump , has strong family and community ties and does not pose a serious flight risk , his lawyers argued in a court filing on

Prompt 891:
A bipartisan group in the U.S. House of Representatives has called on the Environmental Protection Agency to recognize “ the significant pitfalls and costs ” of renewable fuel standards in its future rulemaking and enact

Prompt 892:
U.S. House of Representatives Republicans unveiled long-delayed legislation on Thursday to deliver deep tax cuts that President Donald Trump has promised , setting off a frantic race in Congress to give him his first major

Prompt 893:
With its enormous Muslim population and reputation as a welcoming home for immigrants of some 50 nationalities , the New Jersey city of Paterson was the perfect place for the suspect in the New York

Prompt 894:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday eased off his earlier call to send the suspect in this week ’ s truck attack in New York City to the military prison in Guantanamo Bay , but

Prompt 895:
The U.S. Justice Department has gathered enough evidence to charge six members of the Russian government in the hacking of Democratic National Committee computers before the 2016 U.S. presidential election , the Wall Street Journal

Prompt 896:
President Donald Trump on Thursday tapped Fed Governor Jerome Powell to become head of the U.S. central bank , breaking with precedent by denying Janet Yellen a second term but signaling a continuation of her

Prompt 897:
Paul Manafort , who served briefly as Donald Trump ’ s election campaign manager , and business associate Rick Gates are expected to make their first appearances on Thursday before the U.S. judge overseeing a

Prompt 898:
U.S. lawmakers released a batch of Russian-bought Facebook Inc ads on Wednesday that showcased politically charged content allegedly spread on social media by Moscow ahead of the 2016 U.S. election . Some of the ads

Prompt 899:
President Donald Trump will further pressure Chinese President Xi Jinping in talks next week to take tougher measures against North Korea , as the United States compiles information for possible new sanctions on Chinese banks

Prompt 900:
Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives were expected on Thursday to release a tax bill offering plenty of flexibility , as they grapple with stubborn internal disagreements on paying for the tax cuts they

Prompt 901:
President Donald Trump on Wednesday seized on the deadly New York City truck attack to step up demands for stricter U.S. immigration laws , asking Congress to end a visa program that let the Uzbek

Prompt 902:
The U.S. House of Representatives ’ energy committee on Wednesday said it wants the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) to explain how it is overseeing contracts for rebuilding Puerto Rico ’ s power

Prompt 903:
Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives are due to release tax legislation on Thursday calling for slashing taxes on corporations , repealing some taxes paid primarily by the wealthy and adjusting other taxes on

Prompt 904:
The rollout of a tax-cut plan being promoted by U.S. President Donald Trump and senior congressional Republicans was delayed on Wednesday as groups of lawmakers and special interests dug in on key provisions , insisting

Prompt 905:
Alphabet Inc ’ s Google and Facebook Inc on Wednesday joined a legal challenge by more than 100 tech companies against a decision to end protection for so-called ‘ Dreamer ’ immigrants , the companies

Prompt 906:
A visa program aimed at diversifying the U.S. immigrant population came under attack from President Donald Trump on Wednesday after he learned that the man accused of killing eight people in New York City on

Prompt 907:
Republican and Democratic U.S. senators on Wednesday said they agreed on a new package of sanctions on North Korea , and that the Senate Banking Committee would act on the legislation next week , while

Prompt 908:
U.S. President Donald Trump does not recall a meeting with his foreign policy advisers in March 2016 in which one of them suggested he could arrange a meeting between candidate Trump and Russian President Vladimir

Prompt 909:
A Washington research firm paid a former British spy ’ s company $ 168,000 for work on a dossier outlining Russian financial and personal links to Donald Trump ’ s 2016 election campaign , the

Prompt 910:
The U.S. Senate Commerce Committee will vote next week on a bipartisan proposal that would make it easier to penalize operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking , the panel said in a statement

Prompt 911:
The chairman of the House of Representatives tax committee said on Wednesday that achieving a permanent cut in the U.S. corporate tax rate could take “ several steps. ” Republican Representative Kevin Brady , chairman

Prompt 912:
Virginia Democrat Danica Roem has been called a man by conservative opponents attacking her views on LGBT rights as she campaigns to become the United States ’ only transgender state legislator . Roem does not

Prompt 913:
The next round of aid to help rebuild Puerto Rico and U.S. states after destructive hurricanes and wildfires is unlikely to be considered by Congress until it takes up a catch-all spending bill that faces

Prompt 914:
Senior U.S. Republican and Democratic Senators said on Wednesday they would push ahead with efforts to reach a bi-partisan deal on rolling-back some financial rules introduced the 2008 financial crisis , even after a leading

Prompt 915:
A panel convened by U.S. President Donald Trump to tackle the opioid crisis called on Wednesday for more treatment programs , tighter prescribing guidelines and additional drug courts to help reduce overdose deaths . The

Prompt 916:
Senate Republicans mounted a concerted defense of one of President Donald Trump ’ s nominees to a federal appeals court on Wednesday , suggesting a nonpartisan lawyers ’ group rating of Leonard Steven Grasz as

Prompt 917:
Two influential U.S . Congressmen have asked the World Health Organization ’ s cancer agency to get ready to testify about its work assessing if substances cause cancer , citing concerns about its “ scientific

Prompt 918:
Congress should consider legislation that would regulate “ bump stocks , ” the attachments that allowed the Las Vegas gunman to fire his semi-automatic rifles more rapidly , U.S . Senator John Cornyn said on

Prompt 919:
A rare high-level defector from North Korea told U.S. lawmakers on Wednesday that disseminating more information in the reclusive country would ultimately be more effective than the billions of dollars being spent to address the

Prompt 920:
The U.S. House Intelligence Committee will disclose on Wednesday a sample of Russian-linked content that ran on social media during the 2016 presidential election , the panel ’ s top Democrat said . Representative Adam

Prompt 921:
Republicans plan to release the language of their tax legislation early Thursday morning , the head of the U.S. House Budget Committee told Bloomberg TV in an interview on Wednesday . “ That is going

Prompt 922:
As Americans began signing up for Obamacare health insurance plans on Wednesday , experts expected reduced participation as a bitter political debate clouds the program ’ s future . Republicans in Congress have repeatedly failed

Prompt 923:
Paul Manafort , former campaign manager for President Donald Trump , had three U.S. passports , millions in assets and ties to Russian oligarchs , according to federal court documents after his indictment on tax

Prompt 924:
President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he thought Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen was “ excellent ” but declined to say who was his pick to lead the U.S. central bank ahead of a planned

Prompt 925:
House of Representatives Republican leaders and members of the Ways and Means Committee will meet with U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday at the White House , a Republican aide said . The meeting will

Prompt 926:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday announced his choices to lead U.S. attorney offices in California , Maryland , Connecticut , Texas , New Mexico and Louisiana , the White House said in a statement

Prompt 927:
Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives will delay the release of long-awaited tax legislation by one day until Thursday , the head of the chamber ’ s tax-writing panel said late on Tuesday .

Prompt 928:
U.S. senators on Tuesday pressed Facebook Inc ’ s chief lawyer on why the company did not catch 2016 election ads bought using Russian rubles , why its investigation of them took so long and

Prompt 929:
A California neuroscientist vying to unseat Republican Congressman Dana Rohrabacher stepped up his criticism of the conservative on Tuesday , demanding he return a $ 1,000 contribution from indicted Trump adviser Paul Manafort . The

Prompt 930:
Paul Manafort , the indicted former campaign manager for President Donald Trump , spent almost $ 1 million on eight rugs in two years and more than $ 1.3 million on clothes from shops in

Prompt 931:
Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya , who met with Donald Trump Jr. during the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign , wants permission to return to the United States to defend a claim by prosecutors that her client

Prompt 932:
A former senior adviser on President Donald Trump ’ s campaign team , Sam Clovis , sought to distance himself on Tuesday from George Papadopoulos , an ex-campaign aide who has pleaded guilty in the

Prompt 933:
President Donald Trump brushed off the first indictments in the probe of his campaign ’ s ties to Russian election meddling , but the charges sent a clear signal to the White House and other

Prompt 934:
Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives will delay the release of tax legislation for a day as lawmakers try to overcome differences involving the treatment of retirement savings accounts and state and local taxes

Prompt 935:
Representative Jeb Hensarling , the Republican chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Financial Services Committee , announced on Tuesday that he would retire from Congress at the end of 2018 , marking the exit

Prompt 936:
Modernizing and maintaining the U.S. nuclear arsenal over the next 30 years will cost more than $ 1.2 trillion , according to a report released on Tuesday by the Congressional Budget Office . The report

Prompt 937:
Leading Republicans in the U.S. Senate , expressing frustration at how slowly President Donald Trump ’ s nominees are being confirmed , on Tuesday called for changes in the chamber ’ s procedures to speed

Prompt 938:
White House Chief of Staff John Kelly ’ s comment that the U.S. Civil War was sparked by a lack of “ compromise ” drew criticism and reignited a debate over Confederate monuments and the

Prompt 939:
U.S . Senator Chuck Grassley , head of the Senate Judiciary Committee , proposed a bill on Tuesday to overhaul disclosure rules regarding anyone working on behalf of a foreign government , a law that

Prompt 940:
The White House said on Tuesday the Trump campaign provided the special counsel investigating ties between it and Russia with emails involving George Papadopoulos , a campaign adviser who has pleaded guilty to lying to

Prompt 941:
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced on Tuesday it will bar certain scientists from serving on its independent advisory boards , a move critics say could open the way to more industry-friendly advisors on the

Prompt 942:
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday lawmakers and the Trump administration were “ on a path ” toward reaching a deal on a bill that would keep the government funded beyond Dec. 8

Prompt 943:
Democratic U.S. senators introduced a bill on Tuesday they said would prevent President Donald Trump from launching a nuclear first strike on North Korea on his own , highlighting the issue days before the Republican

Prompt 944:
The Kremlin said on Tuesday that U.S. charges against President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and another aide showed Moscow had been unfairly maligned in accusations that it meddled in last

Prompt 945:
President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that he was not looking for the corporate tax rate reduction that the White House is seeks to be phased in over time . “ Hopefully not , ”

Prompt 946:
An industry group for lobbyists on Tuesday called on Congress to overhaul the transparency laws that govern their activity in the wake of indictments of two lobbyists , including Paul Manafort , a former campaign

Prompt 947:
A bipartisan pair of U.S. senators plans to introduce legislation on Tuesday seeking to boost the cyber defenses of state election systems , after warnings from senior U.S. officials that future elections may be vulnerable

Prompt 948:
Republican tax legislation due to be released this week in the U.S. House of Representatives will not include a deduction for state and local income taxes , the top House Republican on tax policy said

Prompt 949:
Federal investigators probing Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election charged President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and another aide , Rick Gates , with money laundering on Monday . A

Prompt 950:
After U.S. charges against President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort , Washington should investigate “ the Ukrainian trace ” , the RIA news agency cited Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov as

Prompt 951:
White House Chief of Staff John Kelly said on Monday a special counsel should be appointed to investigate Democrats over a uranium deal during the Obama administration and a dossier compiled on Donald Trump during

Prompt 952:
Allegations of Russian meddling in elections in the United States and Europe are “ fantasies ” , the Interfax news agency cited Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov as saying on Tuesday . “ Without a

Prompt 953:
A top U.S. business lobby in China said on Tuesday it was concerned U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s administration was not making sufficient preparation for talks on imbalances in the bilateral economic relationship ahead

Prompt 954:
A year-long audit of the program overseeing U.S. labs that handle lethal pathogens such as Ebola and anthrax found overworked safety inspectors , an absence of independent review and weak biosafety protections that could expose

Prompt 955:
President Donald Trump ’ s top national security aides pushed back on Monday against U.S. lawmakers calling for a new congressional war authorization , saying it would be a mistake to impose geographic or time

Prompt 956:
Prominent Washington lobbyist Tony Podesta has stepped down from his lobbying firm Podesta Group as investigators ’ examine his company ’ s ties to U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s indicted former campaign manager ,

Prompt 957:
An obscure Trump campaign adviser pleaded guilty to lying to FBI agents about contacts with people who claimed to have ties to top Russian officials , in the first criminal charges alleging links between the

Prompt 958:
Colony NorthStar Inc has ended a consulting agreement with Rick Gates , a former campaign aide to U.S. President Donald Trump , a spokesman for the real estate and financial firm said on Monday .

Prompt 959:
Mercury Public Affairs , which did work for Paul Manafort related to his lobbying for a pro-Russian Ukrainian political party , is cooperating with a federal probe into Russia ’ s possible interference in the

Prompt 960:
A top U.S. regulator for Wall Street took the unusual step on Monday of directly asking President Donald Trump to veto a resolution that allows financial companies to block customers from banding together to sue

Prompt 961:
U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr said on Monday that indictments announced by Special Counsel Robert Mueller do not change anything regarding his panel ’ s investigation of potential Russian meddling in the 2016

Prompt 962:
The defense in Democratic U.S . Senator Bob Menendez ’ s federal corruption trial rested on Monday , court records showed , as a case that could have political repercussions in Washington nears an end

Prompt 963:
Paul Manafort , a businessman and longtime Republican Party operative , surrendered on Monday to the Federal Bureau of Investigation to face the first charges produced by a special counsel investigation into alleged Russian meddling

Prompt 964:
The attorney for former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort said on Monday there was no evidence Manafort colluded with the Russian government while working for the campaign and in fact his work on behalf of

Prompt 965:
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio ’ s fight for a “ millionaires ’ tax ” to help repair the country ’ s largest subway system got a boost as U.S . Senator Bernie

Prompt 966:
President Donald Trump is likely to pick Federal Reserve Governor Jerome Powell as the next head of the U.S. central bank , a source familiar with the matter said on Monday , prompting investors to

Prompt 967:
The indictments of two former Trump campaign aides on Monday have nothing to do with President Donald Trump or his campaign and show no evidence of collusion between the campaign and Russia , a White

Prompt 968:
The White House said on Monday it was not backing any proposal to phase-in a planned reduction to the U.S. corporate tax rate . Asked about a report the House of Representatives was considering a

Prompt 969:
U.S. President Donald Trump will not interfere with the investigation by Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller or try to fire the former FBI director , Trump lawyer Jay Sekulow said on Monday after the

Prompt 970:
Former President Barack Obama , back on the campaign trail on Thursday for the first time since he left the White House , called on voters to reject a growing “ politics of division ”

Prompt 971:
Charges brought against President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager and other officials on Monday would not change the White House ’ s cooperation with the special counsel investigating alleged Russian intervention in the

Prompt 972:
President Donald Trump on Monday responded to charges against former campaign manager Paul Manafort by saying the allegations predated his tenure on Trump ’ s 2016 presidential campaign , but the indictment states the activities

Prompt 973:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort will surrender to federal authorities later on Monday amid an ongoing probe into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential campaign , CNN and

Prompt 974:
Federal investigators probing Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election charged President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and another aide , Rick Gates , with money laundering on Monday . A

Prompt 975:
The investigation into possible Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election will enter a new phase as early as Monday , when the first charges resulting from the probe could be unsealed and a

Prompt 976:
President Donald Trump ’ s plan for overhauling the U.S. tax system faced growing opposition from interest groups on Sunday , as Republicans prepare to unveil sweeping legislation that could eliminate some of the most

Prompt 977:
A federal grand jury on Friday approved the first charges in the investigation into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election , a source briefed on the matter told Reuters . The indictment

Prompt 978:
U.S . Senator Susan Collins , a Republican member of the Intelligence Committee , said Democrats should be called again to testify about reports that their party and Hillary Clinton ’ s presidential campaign paid

Prompt 979:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Saturday he would release all documents related to the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy except those with the names and addresses of people who are still alive

Prompt 980:
The U.S. House Intelligence Committee on Saturday said it had reached an agreement related to its subpoena of a Washington research firm ’ s bank records that would secure access to records for the panel

Prompt 981:
The Republican-led Federal Communications Commission is moving to quickly undo roadblocks to increased consolidation among media companies , potentially unleashing an onslaught of deals among TV , radio and newspaper owners as they seek to

Prompt 982:
A federal grand jury in Washington on Friday approved the first charges in the investigation led by special counsel Robert Mueller into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election , a source briefed

Prompt 983:
U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Michael Griffin , a former administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , as principal deputy undersecretary of defense for acquisition , technology , and logistics ,

Prompt 984:
New York and California ’ s Democratic governors said on Friday residents would face hefty tax increases and some would leave their states under a proposal in the Republican tax plan that would eliminate state

Prompt 985:
The White House promoted President Donald Trump ’ s tax cut plan on Friday with a forecast of faster U.S. economic expansion and wage growth , as independent analysts said the plan would swell the

Prompt 986:
U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Friday she did not want to take the job of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , whose tenure has been dogged by rumors of

Prompt 987:
President Donald Trump is leaning toward nominating Federal Reserve Governor Jerome Powell to be the next head of the U.S. central bank , two sources familiar with the matter said on Friday . The sources

Prompt 988:
The U.S. State Department on Friday named 39 Russian defense- and intelligence-related entities under a new sanctions law , belatedly taking a step to enforce legislation passed overwhelmingly by Congress . The law , which

Prompt 989:
The Republican head of the tax-writing panel in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Friday progress was being made in efforts to allay concerns among some Republicans about the potential elimination of a federal

Prompt 990:
The United States wants a meeting soon aimed at reviving a four-way dialogue between itself , Japan , India and Australia to deepen security cooperation and coordinate alternatives for regional infrastructure financing to that offered

Prompt 991:
U.S. President Donald Trump declared the opioid crisis a public health emergency on Thursday , stopping short of a national emergency declaration he promised months ago that would have freed up more federal money .

Prompt 992:
The U.S. State Department on Thursday said it had belatedly begun informing Congress and others about groups associated with the Russian intelligence and defense sectors as required under a 2017 law tightening sanctions on Russia

Prompt 993:
Twitter Inc on Thursday accused Russian media outlets Russia Today ( RT ) and Sputnik of interfering in the 2016 U.S. election and banned them from buying ads on its network , after criticism the

Prompt 994:
A U.S. congressional committee on Thursday set a Nov. 2 deadline for the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ( PREPA ) to provide information related to its $ 300 million contract with a small Montana

Prompt 995:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday ordered the unveiling of 2,800 documents related to the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy but yielded to pressure from the FBI and CIA to block the release

Prompt 996:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson spoke on Thursday with Myanmar ’ s army chief and expressed concern over reported atrocities against Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine state , the U.S. State Department said in a

Prompt 997:
Former CIA director James Woolsey pitched a $ 10 million contract to two Turkish businessmen to help discredit a controversial U.S.-based cleric while Woolsey was an adviser to Donald Trump ’ s election campaign ,

Prompt 998:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis flew into Seoul on Friday for annual defense talks as tensions with North Korea climb ahead of a visit to the region next month by President Donald Trump . Mattis

Prompt 999:
President Bashar al-Assad and his family have no role in the future of Syria , U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday ahead of peace talks aiming at a political transition scheduled to

Prompt 1000:
The largest U.S. veterans service organization on Thursday urged President Donald Trump to veto recent legislation allowing financial companies to block customers from banding together to sue , saying it would hurt members of the

Prompt 1001:
The U.S. House of Representatives helped pave the way on Thursday for deep tax cuts sought by President Donald Trump and Republican leaders , but barely overcame a revolt within party ranks that could foreshadow

Prompt 1002:
The United States said on Thursday it had designated career diplomat Lawrence Gumbiner as the new chief of its Cuba embassy that has been at the center of a diplomatic crisis due to allegations of

Prompt 1003:
Democratic U.S. lawmakers called on Thursday for public hearings on an attack in Niger that killed four U.S. soldiers , saying there were still many unanswered questions about the ambush despite receiving more information from

Prompt 1004:
The Trump administration on Thursday named a coal industry consultant and strong supporter of the controversial practice of mountaintop mining to head up a U.S . Interior Department agency that oversees mining operations and environmental

Prompt 1005:
The U.S. Congress ’ watchdog office has agreed to investigate President Donald Trump ’ s commission on voter fraud after three Democratic senators raised concerns the panel ’ s work may diminish the public ’

Prompt 1006:
U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley was moved to tears on Thursday after visiting a nearly decade-old camp for Congolese displaced by violence in the country ’ s east , and insisted

Prompt 1007:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions equated the opioid epidemic to a personal failing by many Americans who can not “ say no ” to drugs on Thursday , and he said that marijuana could be

Prompt 1008:
Connecticut lawmakers on Thursday passed a two-year $ 41.3 billion budget , nearly four months after it was due , that is expected to help capital city Hartford avoid bankruptcy through state aid provisions .

Prompt 1009:
Nine U.S. senators from states that have oil refineries sent a letter to President Donald Trump on Thursday urging changes to the country ’ s biofuels policy and asking for a meeting to discuss the

Prompt 1010:
A key meeting between Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives ended on Thursday without a compromise on a proposal to eliminate a popular deduction for state and local taxes , the top House tax

Prompt 1011:
Russia said on Thursday it would respond to a decision by Twitter Inc to ban adverts from media outlets Russia Today ( RT ) and Sputnik , saying the move flouted international and domestic laws

Prompt 1012:
The FBI had said it will comply with the U.S. House of Representatives ’ document request regarding a dossier containing allegations against U.S. President Donald Trump by next week , U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan

Prompt 1013:
The U.S. House of Representatives voted nearly unanimously on Thursday for new sanctions on Iran ’ s ballistic missile program , part of an effort to clamp down on Tehran without immediately moving to undermine

Prompt 1014:
The U.S. House of Representatives voted on Thursday to clear a procedural path forward for a Republican tax bill , which was still being written and was expected to be unveiled next week as President

Prompt 1015:
Republican U.S . Senator Lindsay Graham testified on Thursday as a character witness on behalf of Democratic colleague Bob Menendez , who is on trial on federal corruption charges in Newark , New Jersey .

Prompt 1016:
President Donald Trump ’ s search for the next chair of the U.S. Federal Reserve has come down to Fed Governor Jerome Powell and Stanford University economist John Taylor , Politico on Thursday cited one

Prompt 1017:
President Donald Trump will name David Kautter as acting commissioner of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service , the White House said in a statement on Thursday . Kautter , who is assistant secretary of the

Prompt 1018:
The U.S. Justice Department has reached a settlement with dozens of conservative groups that claimed the Internal Revenue Service unfairly scrutinized them based on their political leanings when they sought a tax-exempt status , court

Prompt 1019:
A U.S. judge on Wednesday refused to block President Donald Trump ’ s decision to end subsidy payments to health insurers under Obamacare , handing Trump a victory against Democratic attorneys general who have regularly

Prompt 1020:
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said on Wednesday it will review how bedrock laws like the Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act affect energy industry job losses , one of several measures U.S. agencies

Prompt 1021:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would declare next week a national emergency on opioid abuse , a move that could give states access to federal funds to fight the drug crisis .

Prompt 1022:
A budget plan crucial to President Donald Trump ’ s hopes for large-scale tax cuts looked set for a close vote in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday after some Republicans vowed opposition in

Prompt 1023:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he spoke to Chinese President Xi Jinping to congratulate him on a new leadership line-up unveiled at the Communist Party Congress in Beijing . The two also discussed

Prompt 1024:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that a sweeping Republican tax-cut plan is entering its toughest phase yet as lobbyists swarm Congress to try to protect valuable tax breaks . Urging

Prompt 1025:
The Department of Justice needs to immediately give Congress documents related to the funding of a dossier on Donald Trump during the presidential campaign , U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday , saying

Prompt 1026:
The United States has lost trust in South Sudan ’ s government for fueling the country ’ s civil war and it must bring peace or risk losing support from Washington , U.S . Ambassador

Prompt 1027:
Former U.S . Senator Bill Bradley , a Democrat who helped bring about former Republican President Ronald Reagan ’ s bipartisan tax reform more than 30 years ago , said on Wednesday that President Donald

Prompt 1028:
Republican Senator Jeff Flake ’ s surprise decision to drop out of next year ’ s U.S. Senate race in Arizona could be bad news both for the Republican who was challenging him and for

Prompt 1029:
The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday backed new sanctions on Lebanon ’ s Iran-backed Hezbollah militia , part of an effort to take a tough line against Tehran without immediately moving to undermine an

Prompt 1030:
U.S. President Donald Trump declined to say on Wednesday whether he will visit the Korean Peninsula ’ s demilitarized zone during an upcoming Asia tour . “ I ’ d rather not say , but

Prompt 1031:
A U.S. judge has given Fusion GPS , the research firm that hired a former British spy to investigate Donald Trump during the 2016 election campaign , until Thursday to reach an agreement with Congress

Prompt 1032:
President Donald Trump and the U.S. House of Representatives ’ top tax law writer reopened the door on Wednesday to changes in the 401 ( k ) retirement savings program , just days after Trump

Prompt 1033:
President Donald Trump is unlikely to pick economic adviser Gary Cohn as his nominee for Federal Reserve chairman because Cohn is playing a crucial role in the White House tax reform effort , a senior

Prompt 1034:
U.S . Senator Jeff Flake said on Wednesday he expects more Republican colleagues to speak out against Donald Trump ’ s behavior and policies , one day after denouncing the Republican president in a fiery

Prompt 1035:
Moscow-based antivirus software maker Kaspersky Lab said on Wednesday that its security software had taken source code for a secret American hacking tool from a personal computer in the United States . In September ,

Prompt 1036:
A United Nations rights expert voiced concern on Wednesday that Trump administration actions would be harmful to a free press in the United States . “ There ’ s a long-term detrimental impact on respect

Prompt 1037:
A bipartisan Senate proposal to shore up Obamacare insurance marketplaces would cut the U.S. deficit by $ 3.8 billion over the next decade and would not substantially change the number of Americans with health insurance

Prompt 1038:
The U.S. attorney ’ s office in Manhattan is investigating Paul Manafort for potential money laundering , according to media reports , adding to other federal and state probes targeting President Donald Trump ’ s

Prompt 1039:
The Senate Environment and Public Works Committee on Wednesday approved four nominees to key posts at the Environmental Protection Agency , including one appointee with ties to the chemical industry who will head the agency

Prompt 1040:
Here are highlights of a Reuters interview on Wednesday with U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan . ON ESTIMATES THAT THE REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN COULD INCREASE FEDERAL DEFICIT BY $ 1.5 TRILLION “ The

Prompt 1041:
Republican lawmakers will not take up a bipartisan plan to stabilize Obamacare insurance markets or try again to repeal and replace the law this year , House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday

Prompt 1042:
House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday he wants Congress to pass legislation to protect illegal immigrants brought to the United States as children but offered no timetable , with existing safeguards due

Prompt 1043:
U.S. Republican Senator Marco Rubio said on Wednesday that tax legislation is likely to include an expanded child tax credit , adding that any reform without such a change would not truly provide relief for

Prompt 1044:
The White House plans to ask the U.S. Congress for a third round of disaster aid in mid-November as the costs continue to pour in for helping rebuild after hurricanes , but Budget Director Mick

Prompt 1045:
The U.S. Justice Department is weighing whether a financial enforcement task force created during the Obama administration in the wake of the housing crisis is still relevant , Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said Wednesday

Prompt 1046:
Tensions among Republicans about President Donald Trump boiled over on Tuesday as two senators accused Trump of debasing U.S. politics and the country ’ s standing abroad , a rebellion that could portend trouble for

Prompt 1047:
The United States discriminated against the nuclear and coal industries under the administration of former President Barack Obama , U.S. Secretary of Energy Rick Perry said on Wednesday . “ Nuclear and coal ... Those

Prompt 1048:
The Trump administration will temporarily delay processing of most refugees from 11 countries identified as high-risk , while resuming refugee admissions for other countries , government officials said on Tuesday . Most of the affected

Prompt 1049:
Banks , credit card issuers and other financial companies will be able to block customers from banding together to sue over disputes , after the U.S. Senate on Tuesday narrowly killed a rule banning the

Prompt 1050:
Republican lawmakers on Tuesday launched investigations to examine several of President Donald Trump ’ s longstanding political grievances , including the FBI probe of Hillary Clinton ’ s emails and her alleged role in a

Prompt 1051:
The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday formally dropped plans to hear the last remaining challenge to an earlier version of President Donald Trump ’ s travel ban targeting several Muslim-majority countries and a ban on

Prompt 1052:
Top Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives are refusing to endorse a Republican move to find out who paid the firm that commissioned a dossier alleging ties between Donald Trump ’ s presidential campaign

Prompt 1053:
The Iowa Supreme Court has maintained a block on a three-day waiting period for women seeking an abortion until a legal challenge concludes , a decision cheered by abortion-rights advocates . The provision was signed

Prompt 1054:
U.S. President Donald Trump used a luncheon with Senate Republicans on Tuesday to get their views on who he should tap to be the next leader of the Federal Reserve , according to senators who

Prompt 1055:
A Senate panel on Tuesday approved legislation to renew the National Security Agency ’ s internet surveillance program , while other lawmakers pushed a competing measure seeking to end the ability to search for data

Prompt 1056:
Draft legislation responding to U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s refusal to certify the Iran nuclear deal would set tough new terms for the pact , including restoring sanctions if Iran tests a ballistic missile

Prompt 1057:
Twitter Inc ( TWTR.N ) said on Tuesday it would add labels to election-related advertisements and say who is behind each of them , after a threat of regulation from the United States over the

Prompt 1058:
New abortion regulations took effect on Tuesday in Missouri that critics argue will make it more difficult for women to access the procedure . A judge on Monday declined to block a requirement that physicians

Prompt 1059:
The Trump administration will temporarily delay the processing of most refugees from 11 countries deemed to be high-risk , top Cabinet officials wrote in a memo to President Donald Trump and seen by Reuters .

Prompt 1060:
Illinois ’ Republican governor has launched an unusual attack ad in his re-election campaign that features three neighboring governors crediting their states ’ job gains to Illinois taxes crafted by a state House Democratic leader

Prompt 1061:
U.S. Republican Senator Jeff Flake , one of the most prominent critics of President Donald Trump , said on Tuesday he was out of step with his party and would not seek re-election . “

Prompt 1062:
A majority of the U.S. Senate on Tuesday backed a new round of disaster aid to help Puerto Rico and several states recover from damage from hurricanes and wildfires . The legislation would provide $

Prompt 1063:
Nine months after President Donald Trump took office , the first tangible signs of progress on one of the central promises of his campaign have appeared along the U.S. border with Mexico . A couple

Prompt 1064:
The United States is “ very disappointed ” that Russia on Tuesday cast a veto at the United Nations Security Council against renewing a mandate to continue an investigation into who was responsible for the

Prompt 1065:
Fewer than a third of Americans support Donald Trump ’ s tax-cut plan , according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday , as the U.S. president went to Capitol Hill looking for Republican backing

Prompt 1066:
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Tuesday that President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans in the Senate were not being truthful about what their tax plan does and how it would affect Americans

Prompt 1067:
Republican leaders of two committees in the U.S. House of Representatives launched an investigation on Tuesday into the purchase by a Russian firm several years ago of a Canadian company that owned some 20 percent

Prompt 1068:
U.S . Senator Bob Corker eviscerated President Donald Trump repeatedly on national television on Tuesday , calling him a liar who has debased the country in an extraordinary diatribe against a sitting president by a

Prompt 1069:
U.S . Senator Bob Corker has spent much of the past two months in a very public war of words with President Donald Trump , something highly unusual for a member of Congress and White

Prompt 1070:
The State Department is considering formally declaring the crackdown on Myanmar ’ s Rohingya Muslims to be ethnic cleansing , U.S. officials said on Tuesday , as lawmakers called for sanctions against the Southeast Asian

Prompt 1071:
President Donald Trump began talks with Republican senators on Tuesday to try to build consensus for proposed tax cuts in a meeting that was overshadowed by an exchange of insults between the president and one

Prompt 1072:
Two prominent Republican lawmakers from the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives on Tuesday proposed short-term measures to stabilize Obamacare health insurance markets that would compete with bipartisan legislation under discussion in the Senate .

Prompt 1073:
The Republican tax overhaul framework being promoted by President Donald Trump calls for slashing taxes on corporations , repealing some taxes paid primarily by the wealthy and lowering some taxes on families and individuals .

Prompt 1074:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday said he believed that Republicans ’ sweeping tax overhaul would help bring in $ 4 trillion in foreign profits from U.S. companies . “ It ’ s going to

Prompt 1075:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1076:
U.S. government officials declined on Tuesday to characterize the treatment of Myanmar ’ s Rohingya Muslims as ethnic cleansing , but listed new measures including targeted sanctions Washington is considering to address the crisis .

Prompt 1077:
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday said he wants the House of Representatives to pass a Republican tax cut bill by the Nov. 23 Thanksgiving holiday , echoing President Donald Trump ’ s call

Prompt 1078:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged the Iraqi government and the Kurdistan region on Monday to resolve their conflict over Kurdish self-determination and disputed territories through dialogue . Tillerson laid out his position at

Prompt 1079:
President Donald Trump on Monday dismissed the possibility of curbing a popular tax-deferred U.S. retirement savings program to help pay for his sweeping tax cuts , and voiced doubts about adding another top bracket targeting

Prompt 1080:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1081:
Iowa on Monday withdrew a request to waive some Obamacare rules to help shore up its struggling healthcare insurance market , marking a setback in efforts by Republican-governed states to sidestep requirements of the Obama-era

Prompt 1082:
A U.S. judge on Monday appeared skeptical toward a request from several states that want him to order the administration of Republican President Donald Trump to continue payments to health insurers under Obamacare . At

Prompt 1083:
U.S. representatives from both parties asked the Department of Justice on Monday whether the domestic terrorism law would cover actions by protesters that shut oil pipelines last year , a move that could potentially increase

Prompt 1084:
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi defended the role of an Iranian-backed paramilitary force at a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Monday in Baghdad . Tillerson arrived on Monday hours after the

Prompt 1085:
U.S . Senator Bernie Sanders brought his strategy of trying to reenergize the Democratic Party by lending his star power to lower-level races to a small city just outside Boston on Monday , with a

Prompt 1086:
New Hampshire Governor Chris Sununu on Monday publicly called on U.S. President Donald Trump , a fellow Republican , to halt an effort to deport 69 Indonesian Christians who fled violence in that country two

Prompt 1087:
Former U.S. intelligence officials who worked for both Republican and Democratic presidents urged Congress on Monday to renew an internet surveillance program they said has stopped militant plots and helped policymakers steer through international crises

Prompt 1088:
U.S. President Donald Trump told reporters on Monday he is “ very , very close ” to making his decision on who should chair the Federal Reserve . Trump has interviewed five candidates for the

Prompt 1089:
U.S. President Donald Trump said he has not been asked for an interview with U.S. special counsel Robert Mueller , who is leading the federal investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election

Prompt 1090:
Phil Murphy , a wealthy former Goldman Sachs investment banker , might seem an unlikely champion of the working and middle classes . But New Jersey ’ s Democratic candidate for governor , who leads

Prompt 1091:
U.S. President Donald Trump said he would make his choice to lead the Federal Reserve soon and was still weighing at least three people : Federal Reserve Governor Jerome Powell , Stanford University economist John

Prompt 1092:
The digital director for Donald Trump ’ s 2016 election campaign is scheduled to meet the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on Tuesday as the panel investigates alleged Russian meddling in last year ’

Prompt 1093:
The top U.S. Senate Republican and the White House budget director said on Sunday they hoped for action on a Republican tax reform package by the end of the year , while keeping their options

Prompt 1094:
Charles Schumer , the top Democrat in the U.S. Senate , called on President Donald Trump on Sunday to name a single official to oversee and coordinate relief efforts in hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico . Schumer

Prompt 1095:
U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Sunday he was willing to bring healthcare legislation up for a vote but was waiting for the go-ahead from President Donald Trump , who sent mixed signals

Prompt 1096:
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said on Sunday he has not abandoned his longtime goal of making sure any tax cuts are revenue neutral , saying the growth estimates in the Republican tax reform plan

Prompt 1097:
U.S. President Donald Trump defended his regular use of social media , especially Twitter , and said he may not have won the White House without it . In an interview airing on Sunday on

Prompt 1098:
Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter said he would be willing to travel to North Korea on behalf of the Trump administration to help diffuse rising tensions , The New York Times reported on its website

Prompt 1099:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Saturday that , subject to receipt of further information , he planned to allow the opening of long-secret files on the November 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy

Prompt 1100:
A federal judge in Hawaii extended his halt of U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s travel ban on citizens from six Muslim-majority countries . U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson , who stopped the ban from

Prompt 1101:
President Donald Trump ’ s tax reform plans won partial support on Friday when Republican U.S . Senator Rand Paul said he was “ all in ” for massive tax cuts , but the party

Prompt 1102:
President Donald Trump is considering nominating Federal Reserve Governor Jerome Powell and Stanford University economist John Taylor for the central bank ’ s top two jobs , in an apparent bid to reassure markets and

Prompt 1103:
President Trump ’ s administration has drafted a plan to pause a program that allows family members join refugees already settled in the United States until they can undergo increased security checks , two sources

Prompt 1104:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday he thinks Republicans have the votes needed to pass a big tax cut package . In an interview with Fox Business Network set to air on Sunday ,

Prompt 1105:
Nearly two dozen major companies in technology and other industries are planning to launch a coalition to demand legislation that would allow young , illegal immigrants a path to permanent residency , according to documents

Prompt 1106:
Democrats on a congressional panel say members of its Republican majority are trying to sabotage an investigation into suspected Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election , raising concerns the two parties will reach contradictory

Prompt 1107:
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has backed off a series of proposed changes to the nation ’ s biofuels policy after a massive backlash from corn-state lawmakers worried the moves would undercut ethanol demand ,

Prompt 1108:
President Donald Trump said on Friday he was considering tapping both current Federal Reserve Governor Jerome Powell and Stanford University economist John Taylor to serve in top posts at the U.S. central bank . “

Prompt 1109:
President Donald Trump is considering a scenario in which he would nominate Fed Governor Jerome Powell and Stanford University economist John Taylor for the two top positions at the Federal Reserve Board , White House

Prompt 1110:
President Donald Trump ’ s disavowal this week of a bipartisan agreement to stabilize Obamacare has further eroded the already minimal trust congressional Democrats had in him , complicating prospects for gaining their cooperation on

Prompt 1111:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1112:
The U.S. House of Representatives will vote next week on new sanctions on Iran ’ s ballistic missile program and on Lebanon ’ s Iran-backed Hezbollah militia , senior House Republicans said on Friday ,

Prompt 1113:
President Donald Trump ’ s drive to overhaul the U.S. tax code cleared a critical hurdle on Thursday when the Senate approved a budget blueprint for the 2018 fiscal year that will pave the way

Prompt 1114:
The Senate Intelligence Committee investigating U.S. allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 election said on Friday it had postponed a public hearing with Michael Cohen , President Donald Trump ’ s lawyer , and

Prompt 1115:
Speaking as a folksy physician running for Virginia governor , Democrat Ralph Northam vowed in a recent campaign ad to fight Donald Trump on cuts to education funding , environmental protections and health care access

Prompt 1116:
U.S. President Donald Trump has stepped up the pressure on the National Football League over protests by its players during the national anthem by launching a petition and asking his supporters to show their patriotism

Prompt 1117:
When Donald Trump faced criticism from advocacy groups for not including more women and minorities in his cabinet last January , the incoming administration promised that the lower rungs of the bureaucracy would ultimately look

Prompt 1118:
President Donald Trump ’ s reversals in the past week on maintaining Obamacare subsidies to insurers are sowing new confusion over what kind of health insurance will be available to consumers , and at what

Prompt 1119:
U.S. President Donald Trump risks driving Iran towards nuclear proliferation and worsening a standoff with North Korea if Washington ends a nuclear deal with Tehran , former U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said late

Prompt 1120:
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency will cut response times to permit requests to within six months by the end of 2018 , part of the agency ’ s goal to reduce regulations and delays ,

Prompt 1121:
Senator John McCain , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , said on Thursday he may consider issuing a subpoena because the White House has not been forthcoming with details of an ambush in

Prompt 1122:
U.S. Senate Democrats on Thursday failed to pass a measure to block oil and gas drilling in part of the Arctic National Wildlife Reserve , losing to Republicans who believe production there would provide jobs

Prompt 1123:
CIA Director Mike Pompeo on Thursday said , apparently inaccurately , that U.S. intelligence agencies had concluded that Russian interference did not affect the outcome of the 2016 U.S. presidential election . In fact ,

Prompt 1124:
The Trump administration is considering tightening the vetting process for women and children seeking to enter the United States as refugees , a proposal that if adopted would bring security checks closer to those for

Prompt 1125:
A senior White House aide said on Thursday that U.S. President Donald Trump would demand steps toward repealing Obamacare in any healthcare legislation , comments that cast doubt on the prospects for a short-term bill

Prompt 1126:
President Donald Trump has concluded interviews with the five candidates he is considering to chair the Federal Reserve and could announce a decision as early as next week , a source familiar with the process

Prompt 1127:
U.S. President Donald Trump met on Thursday with Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen , a White House official said , as he considers whether to give Yellen a new term or nominate someone else .

Prompt 1128:
Former President George W. Bush decried “ bullying and prejudice ” while defending immigrants and trade on Thursday in a New York speech that appeared to be a sweeping , thinly veiled critique of President

Prompt 1129:
A senior White House adviser said on Thursday Congress would need to end Obamacare mandates and taxes as part of a proposed short-term deal to stabilize health insurance markets in order for President Donald Trump

Prompt 1130:
Republican U.S . Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy said on Thursday they were working with Republican Senator Ron Johnson and members of the House of Representatives to add more “ flexibility provisions ” to

Prompt 1131:
Tom Westerman voted for Donald Trump in last year ’ s election but says he might not do so again after the president cut off billions of dollars in Obamacare subsidies to health insurance companies

Prompt 1132:
U.S. lawmakers , alarmed that foreign entities used the internet to influence last year ’ s election , introduced legislation on Thursday to extend rules governing political advertising on television , print and radio to

Prompt 1133:
Federal Reserve Governor Jerome Powell is the leading candidate to become the chair of the U.S. central bank after President Donald Trump concluded a series of meetings with five finalists on Thursday , Politico reported

Prompt 1134:
President Donald Trump said on Thursday he will work with the U.S. Congress to approve grants and loans to help rebuild Puerto Rico after it was devastated by Hurricane Maria a month ago . Already

Prompt 1135:
The U.S. government is scrapping rules on telegraphs even though carriers no longer exist , part of the Trump administration ’ s effort to slash regulations , the Federal Communications Commission said on Thursday .

Prompt 1136:
The U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Natural Resources , with oversight of Puerto Rico , on Thursday postponed until further notice a hearing on the island ’ s recovery from Hurricane Maria and the

Prompt 1137:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday the U.S. military did not have all the accurate information on an ambush in Niger earlier this month that killed four U.S. soldiers . “ The loss

Prompt 1138:
U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley on Thursday described Russian interference in U.S. elections as “ warfare. ” U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Russia used cyber-enabled means in an attempt to

Prompt 1139:
U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Senate Republicans at their weekly policy lunch next Tuesday , a member of the Senate ’ s Republican leadership said on Thursday . “ Our entire GOP conference

Prompt 1140:
NEW YORK ( IFR ) - The investigative arm of Congress has decided that US bank guidelines on leveraged lending are subject to Congressional review , clearing the way for them to possibly be overturned

Prompt 1141:
Senator John McCain suggested on Thursday that the Senate Armed Services Committee , the powerful congressional panel he chairs , may consider issuing a subpoena to make the White House ’ s top cyber security

Prompt 1142:
A group of 22 members of the U.S. House of Representatives asked the Environmental Protection Agency in a letter on Thursday not to lower some requirements for mixing biofuels into the country ’ s fuel

Prompt 1143:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday he will work with the U.S. Congress to approve grants and loans to help rebuild Puerto Rico after it was devastated by Hurricane Maria a month ago .

Prompt 1144:
U.S. President Donald Trump sought to ease concerns on Wednesday that his administration would make major alterations to biofuels policy , telling Iowa ’ s governor he was committed to a decade-old biofuels program even

Prompt 1145:
Republican U.S. Representative Pat Tiberi announced his retirement on Thursday from the House of Representatives , saying he will leave by Jan. 31 and not seek re-election in his Ohio district , becoming the latest

Prompt 1146:
Former U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said on Wednesday that “ cavalier ” threats to start war on the Korean peninsula were “ dangerous and short-sighted ” , urging the United States to get all

Prompt 1147:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said before a visit to India next week that the Trump administration wanted to “ dramatically deepen ” cooperation with New Delhi , seeing it as a key partner

Prompt 1148:
The check has been sent . That was the message from the White House on Wednesday after the father of a slain U.S. Army sergeant said a generous offer from President Donald Trump had not

Prompt 1149:
Transgender people would be allowed to use public restrooms in North Carolina that match their gender identity under a settlement agreement filed on Wednesday that aims to resolve the federal lawsuit over the state ’

Prompt 1150:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday the United States held Myanmar ’ s military leadership responsible for its harsh crackdown on the Rohingya Muslim minority . Tillerson , however , stopped short

Prompt 1151:
A bipartisan deal from two senators to stabilize Obamacare by restoring subsidies to health insurers suffered major setbacks on Wednesday with the White House saying President Donald Trump now opposes it and senior Republicans speaking

Prompt 1152:
President Donald Trump has selected Joseph Simons , an antitrust attorney from a Washington law firm , to head the Federal Trade Commission , a White House official said on Wednesday . Trump is expected

Prompt 1153:
More than 40 lawmakers urged the Trump administration on Wednesday to reimpose U.S. travel bans on Myanmar ’ s military leaders and prepare targeted sanctions against those responsible for a crackdown on the country ’

Prompt 1154:
A U.S. federal judge said on Wednesday he would likely issue a ruling next week on a request from several U.S. states to block President Donald Trump ’ s decision to terminate cost-sharing payments to

Prompt 1155:
U.S. Senate Republicans appeared to have enough votes on Wednesday to pass a budget measure that is crucial to President Donald Trump ’ s hopes of enacting tax reform legislation before the end of the

Prompt 1156:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will Pakistan next week during an Asian trip that will also take him to the country ’ s rival India , a senior official at the U.S. State Department

Prompt 1157:
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel proposed a fiscal 2018 budget on Wednesday that he said eschews “ fiscal smoke and mirrors , ” but critics said vestiges of those practices remain . In his annual budget

Prompt 1158:
U.S. President Donald Trump and Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello are due to meet at the White House on Thursday to discuss rebuilding efforts after Hurricane Maria devastated the island a month ago , the

Prompt 1159:
A federal judge in New York voiced skepticism on Wednesday over whether groups and individuals should be able to proceed with a lawsuit against President Donald Trump alleging that he violated the U.S. Constitution by

Prompt 1160:
U.S. legislation that would impose new disclosure requirements on political ads that run on Facebook and other websites received support on Wednesday from Senator John McCain , giving a bipartisan boost to a bill already

Prompt 1161:
U.S. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch on Wednesday rejected a bipartisan healthcare deal aimed at stabilizing Obamacare , saying the Senate bill was too costly . “ No way to pay for it .

Prompt 1162:
President Donald Trump will announce his decision on who will be the chair of the Federal Reserve in the “ coming days , ” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Wednesday . Trump has

Prompt 1163:
President Donald Trump thinks a bipartisan healthcare bill aimed at stabilizing Obamacare by restoring subsidies to health insurers is a step in the right direction but he does not support the measure , the White

Prompt 1164:
U.S. Secretary of Defense James Mattis this week asked Congress to halt pending legislation that would compel the U.S. to alert foreign governments when the Pentagon has decided to combat certain cyber attacks , according

Prompt 1165:
U.S. Senate Republican whip John Cornyn said on Wednesday that Republicans appear to have enough votes to pass a budget measure that is vital to President Donald Trump ’ s aim of enacting tax reform

Prompt 1166:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions refused on Wednesday to answer lawmakers ’ questions about his discussions with President Donald Trump on Russia and denied lying to Congress about his own contacts with Russians during the

Prompt 1167:
U.S . Senator John Thune , a member of the Senate Republican leadership , said on Wednesday that a bipartisan deal by two U.S. senators to stabilize Obamacare by restoring subsidies to health insurers was

Prompt 1168:
U.S. Democratic lawmakers called on Wednesday for a congressional committee to issue subpoenas to the White House and three companies for documents about fired national security adviser Michael Flynn . In a letter to Trey

Prompt 1169:
A second U.S. federal judge has blocked parts of President Donald Trump ’ s latest travel ban on people entering the United States from eight countries , dealing another legal blow to the administration ’

Prompt 1170:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would “ not do anything to enrich ” insurance companies , strengthening his opposition to a deal between Republican and Democratic senators to stabilize Obamacare by restoring

Prompt 1171:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday backed away from a bipartisan deal on healthcare reached by two senators a day earlier , saying he could never support legislation “ bailing out ” insurance companies .

Prompt 1172:
U.S. President Donald Trump has interviewed several top prospects for the post of Chair of the Federal Reserve . A nomination could come within weeks as the term of current Chair Janet Yellen ends in

Prompt 1173:
Senate Republicans scrambled on Tuesday to ensure support for a budget resolution vital to President Donald Trump ’ s drive to overhaul the U.S. tax code , as one Republican fiscal hawk announced he might

Prompt 1174:
Two U.S. senators on Tuesday reached a bipartisan agreement to shore up Obamacare for two years by reviving federal subsidies for health insurers that President Donald Trump planned to scrap , and the president indicated

Prompt 1175:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday signaled support for a bipartisan healthcare deal in the U.S. Senate , saying it was a short-term fix to get through a “ very dangerous little period ” but

Prompt 1176:
A U.S. House of Representatives panel said on Tuesday that it has scheduled an Oct. 24 hearing to examine Puerto Rico ’ s hurricane recovery efforts and the role of a financial oversight board in

Prompt 1177:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1178:
The United States on Tuesday declined to name China as a currency manipulator although it remained critical of the Chinese government ’ s economic policies ahead of a planned visit to Beijing by President Donald

Prompt 1179:
The U.S. lawmaker who was President Donald Trump ’ s pick for drug czar withdrew on Tuesday after a report he spearheaded a bill that hurt the government ’ s ability to crack down on

Prompt 1180:
A U.S. judge on Tuesday blocked President Donald Trump ’ s latest bid to impose restrictions on citizens from several countries entering the United States , which would have taken effect this week . The

Prompt 1181:
U.S President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that his administration has informed Congress of a potential sale to upgrade the F-16 aircraft in Greece ’ s Air Force , a deal could be worth $

Prompt 1182:
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said on Tuesday it was important for Turkey to remain part of the NATO security alliance and continue its orientation toward Europe despite current tensions between the two countries .

Prompt 1183:
A U.S. senator on Tuesday asked the Defense Department to explain how it manages the risks when it uses software that has been scrutinized by foreign governments , saying the practice may represent a national

Prompt 1184:
National Football League officials weighed the fervor of players protesting racism against U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s anger at their autumn meeting on Tuesday with supporters of the players kneeling outside in solidarity .

Prompt 1185:
The Central Intelligence Agency thought for months that it had mistakenly shredded a massive U.S. Senate report on its use of waterboarding and other “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” before suddenly discovering that its copy

Prompt 1186:
U.S. Senate Democrats vowed on Tuesday to fight a measure expected to be slipped into budget legislation that would open Alaska ’ s Arctic National Wildlife Reserve to oil and gas drilling , saying it

Prompt 1187:
The U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee has asked the son of President Donald Trump ’ s former national security adviser to provide documents and testimony as part of the panel ’ s probe into Russian meddling

Prompt 1188:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions directed the agency on Tuesday to hire an asset forfeiture oversight chief , just months after he reinstated a program shut down by the Obama administration that lets police seize

Prompt 1189:
U.S. President Donald Trump is leaning toward naming former pharmaceutical industry executive Alex Azar as his pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services , Politico reported on Tuesday , citing two White

Prompt 1190:
A U.S. judge on Monday questioned attorneys defending the Trump administration about a classified report the government is using to justify its latest ban on citizens of some countries from entering the United States .

Prompt 1191:
President Nicolas Maduro defended Venezuela ’ s “ secure ” election system on Tuesday as opponents struggled to present a united front over allegations of fraud in a nationwide vote surprisingly won by the ruling

Prompt 1192:
An Oct. 24 hearing in the U.S. Congress on Puerto Rico ’ s recovery from Hurricane Maria will assess whether a financial oversight board managing the American territory ’ s debt should take on the

Prompt 1193:
U.S . Senator Bernie Sanders will focus on getting liberal candidates elected to state and local offices ahead of next year ’ s midterm elections rather than on higher-profile U.S. congressional races , to help

Prompt 1194:
Republican U.S . Senator Thad Cochran said he had returned to Washington on Tuesday and was looking forward to “ continuing work on the 2018 appropriations bills and to taking part in the debate on

Prompt 1195:
U.S. President Donald Trump has a pool of five candidates to choose from for the next chair of the Federal Reserve and is likely to announce his choice before going to Asia in early November

Prompt 1196:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he believed Republicans had enough votes to pass a healthcare bill that would allocate block grants to states . “ As soon as we ’ re finished with

Prompt 1197:
Republican Senator Rand Paul on Tuesday threatened to vote ‘ no ’ on a budget resolution Republican leaders aim to bring up for a vote this week unless they decide to stick with spending caps

Prompt 1198:
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission ’ s chairman said Tuesday the agency does not have authority to revoke broadcast licenses , despite suggestions from President Donald Trump . Ajit Pai , a Republican who was

Prompt 1199:
Aides to former U.S. President Barack Obama fired back on Tuesday as criticism mounted over President Donald Trump ’ s claim that past U.S. presidents did not contact family members of soldiers who died in

Prompt 1200:
Like the deal-maker he says he is , U.S. President Donald Trump appears to be keeping his options open as his Republican Party threatens to erupt into full-scale war . On Monday , almost immediately

Prompt 1201:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday he would review a report that his nominee for drug czar championed a law that weakened the government ’ s ability to fight the nation ’ s opioid

Prompt 1202:
U.S. Senate Republicans on Monday gained crucial support for a vote on a budget resolution that is vital to President Donald Trump ’ s hopes of signing sweeping tax reform legislation into law before January

Prompt 1203:
The U.S. Senate on Monday voted to confirm President Donald Trump ’ s nomination of Callista Gingrich to be the U.S . Ambassador to the Vatican . Gingrich , 51 , an author , documentary

Prompt 1204:
U.S . Senator Bob Corker , the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , urged President Donald Trump ’ s administration on Monday to work closely with European allies as it develops its

Prompt 1205:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday declared Obamacare “ dead ” and “ gone , ” but urged Republicans and Democrats in Congress to craft a short-term fix of healthcare markets under the 7-year-old law

Prompt 1206:
U.S. Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski said on Monday that she was leaning toward a “ yes ” vote on a Senate budget resolution intended to facilitate the passage of tax reform legislation later this year

Prompt 1207:
The U.S. political research firm that commissioned a dossier on Donald Trump while he was running for president said on Monday it would not comply with subpoenas issued by the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence

Prompt 1208:
A woman who has said that U.S. President Donald Trump groped her during a 2007 meeting has subpoenaed his presidential campaign for any documents concerning similar allegations , according to a subpoena filed in New

Prompt 1209:
The United States sought on Monday to avoid openly taking sides in an Iraqi-Kurdish dispute , as Iraq ’ s capture of the Kurdish-held city of Kirkuk raised the risk of an open conflict between

Prompt 1210:
U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen on Thursday as part of his search for a new candidate for her position , a source familiar with the planned meeting said

Prompt 1211:
President Donald Trump said on Monday that he believes Havana is responsible for a series of incidents that Washington thinks hurt at least 22 U.S. diplomats over a period of months in Cuba , prompting

Prompt 1212:
The United States on Monday condemned Venezuela ’ s weekend gubernatorial elections as neither free nor fair and vowed to use its economic and diplomatic power to support Venezuelans in restoring democracy in the oil-exporting

Prompt 1213:
The head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency issued a directive to his agency on Monday seeking to end the practice of settling lawsuits with environmental groups behind closed doors , saying the groups have

Prompt 1214:
Republican Senator Thad Cochran has delayed his return to Washington following a medical procedure , his office said on Monday , possibly complicating passage of a budget blueprint that is needed to push through the

Prompt 1215:
The bribery case against U.S . Senator Bob Menendez survived a key test on Monday , as the federal judge overseeing his trial rejected a defense motion to throw out the most serious charges .

Prompt 1216:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday he is weighing recommendations for welfare reform as his government looks for ways to cut costs . Speaking to reporters at the beginning of a cabinet meeting ,

Prompt 1217:
The bribery case against U.S . Senator Bob Menendez survived a key test on Monday , as the federal judge overseeing his trial rejected a defense motion to throw out the most serious charges .

Prompt 1218:
The Trump administration on Monday will order federal agencies to adopt common email security standards in an effort to better protect against hackers , a senior Department of Homeland Security official said . DHS Assistant

Prompt 1219:
Democrat Kevin de Leon , president of the California State Senate , announced on Sunday he would run for the U.S. Senate in 2018 , challenging incumbent Senator Dianne Feinstein . The Los Angeles Democrat

Prompt 1220:
Senior Trump administration officials said on Sunday that the United States was committed to remaining part of the Iran nuclear accord for now , despite President Donald Trump ’ s criticisms of the deal and

Prompt 1221:
U.S. President Donald Trump will hurt low-income Americans by doing away with Obamacare subsidies and make it harder for him to engage in bipartisan talks with Democrats as Congress edges toward a possible government shutdown

Prompt 1222:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Sunday minimized tensions with his boss , President Donald Trump , and brushed aside comments from an influential lawmaker , who compared Trump ’ s undermining of his

Prompt 1223:
President Donald Trump ’ s reelection campaign raised more than $ 10.1 million in the third quarter of 2017 and spent $ 4 million , including $ 1.1 million on legal fees . Trump ’

Prompt 1224:
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Sunday that President Donald Trump had instructed him to continue diplomatic efforts to calm rising tensions with North Korea , saying “ those diplomatic efforts will continue until the

Prompt 1225:
Politicians from North and South Korea will not hold direct talks in Russia on Monday about Pyongyang ’ s nuclear and missile program despite attending the same event and being urged to do so by

Prompt 1226:
Britain and Germany agreed on Sunday they remained committed to the nuclear deal with Iran after a U.S. decision to decertify the agreement , a spokeswoman said after a call between Prime Minister Theresa May

Prompt 1227:
U.S. Republican Senator Susan Collins , who helped torpedo President Donald Trump ’ s effort to repeal Obamacare , said on Sunday she was leaning towards a ‘ yes ’ vote on the Senate budget

Prompt 1228:
U.S. President Donald Trump struck a blow against the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement on Friday in defiance of other world powers , choosing not to certify that Tehran is complying with the deal and warning

Prompt 1229:
If the United States terminates the Iran nuclear deal or reimposes sanctions on Tehran it could result in Iran developing nuclear weapons and raise the danger of war close to Europe , Germany ’ s

Prompt 1230:
U.S. Republican Senator Bob Corker stepped up his public feud with Donald Trump on Friday , saying the U.S. president ’ s undermining of his top diplomat was like castrating him in public . Corker

Prompt 1231:
The Trump administration on Friday demanded that U.S.-made content account for half the value of the cars and trucks sold under the North American Free Trade Agreement , raising further doubts about any potential deal

Prompt 1232:
The administration of President Donald Trump has been quietly cutting support for halfway houses for federal prisoners , severing contracts with as many as 16 facilities in recent months , prompting concern that some inmates

Prompt 1233:
For the moment , U.S. President Donald Trump is going it alone . After weeks of seeing his agenda imperiled by Republican divisions and infighting among his aides , Trump has been a whirl of

Prompt 1234:
Advocates for Americans imprisoned by Iranian authorities said on Friday they were concerned the Trump administration ’ s hard line on Iran would close off the chance for talks to secure the prisoners ’ release

Prompt 1235:
In Friday ’ s speech laying out his strategy toward Iran and his decision not to certify it is complying with the 2015 nuclear agreement , U.S. President Donald Trump made a series of statements

Prompt 1236:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Friday that the federal government would provide more funding for Puerto Rico ’ s long-term rebuilding , although he did not say when that funding would

Prompt 1237:
President Donald Trump ’ s former White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus was interviewed on Friday by the special counsel investigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia during the 2016 U.S. election .

Prompt 1238:
The U.S. military said on Friday it was identifying new areas where it could work with allies to put pressure on Iran in support of President Donald Trump ’ s new strategy , which promises

Prompt 1239:
Eighteen U.S. states sued President Donald Trump ’ s administration on Friday to stop him from scrapping a key component of Obamacare , subsidies to insurers that help millions of low-income people pay medical expenses

Prompt 1240:
Iran harshly reacted to President Donald Trump ’ s decision not to certify its nuclear deal with six major powers , and President Hassan Rouhani said Tehran might walk away if the continuing agreement does

Prompt 1241:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday that tensions between Kurdish and Iraqi forces in and around Kirkuk had the full attention of the United States , which was working to ensure it does

Prompt 1242:
Green groups on Friday slammed U.S. President Donald Trump for choosing a nominee for White House environmental panel who wrote in an opinion article last year that carbon dioxide is not a pollutant . The

Prompt 1243:
President Donald Trump ’ s call for Congress to toughen the Iran nuclear deal faced opposition on Friday from among the ranks of his fellow Republicans as well as from Democrats , narrowing the chances

Prompt 1244:
Iran , U.S. allies in Europe and Russia on Friday defended the 2015 nuclear agreement with Tehran and said they would stick by it , after U.S. President Donald Trump threatened to terminate the agreement

Prompt 1245:
U.S . Senator Susan Collins of Maine , a moderate Republican who helped block her party ’ s efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act this year , said she planned to remain in her

Prompt 1246:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday he had not yet seen any provocative actions from Iran following President Donald Trump ’ s speech outlining a more confrontational approach to Iran and added there

Prompt 1247:
The United Arab Emirates said on Friday it fully supported the new U.S. policy toward Iran and it renewed its commitment to work with Washington to counter Iran ’ s support of extremism , the

Prompt 1248:
The chief of the U.N. atomic watchdog reiterated on Friday that Iran was under the world ’ s “ most robust nuclear verification regime ” after U.S. President Donald Trump struck a blow against a

Prompt 1249:
French President Emmanuel Macron assured Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Friday of France ’ s commitment to the 2015 Iranian nuclear deal , Macron ’ s office said . Macron told Rouhani that the U.S.

Prompt 1250:
Russia said on Friday after U.S. President Donald Trump chose not to certify a deal on Iran ’ s nuclear program that there was no place in international diplomacy for aggressive rhetoric , and such

Prompt 1251:
President Trump told reporters on Friday that Democratic leaders should come to the White House to negotiate a deal on healthcare , while calling the cost-sharing reduction payments under Obamacare a payoff to the insurance

Prompt 1252:
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said on Friday it was “ extremely troubling ” that U.S. President Donald Trump was raising questions that had been settled when an international deal on Iran ’ s

Prompt 1253:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday he wants to see action to fix the flaws he sees in the Iran nuclear deal in a short period of time , adding that he could end

Prompt 1254:
The No . 2 U.S. House of Representatives Republican , Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , said on Friday he was committed to working with President Donald Trump to fix the Iran nuclear agreement but did

Prompt 1255:
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu congratulated U.S. President Donald Trump for his speech against Iran on Friday , seeing an opportunity to change the 2015 nuclear deal with Tehran as well as Iranian conduct in

Prompt 1256:
The United States can not unilaterally cancel the 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers , EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said on Friday in reaction to President Donald Trump ’ s decision

Prompt 1257:
Saudi Arabia welcomed the new U.S. policy toward Iran and said lifting sanctions had allowed Iran to develop its ballistic missile program and step up its support for militant groups , state news agency SPA

Prompt 1258:
Israel ’ s intelligence minister said U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s speech against the 2015 international nuclear deal with Iran on Friday was “ very significant ” and could lead to war given threats

Prompt 1259:
U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer on Friday expressed optimism on chances for a deal with Republicans to continue Obamacare ’ s subsidy payments for low-income people , despite President Donald Trump ’ s decision

Prompt 1260:
A coalition of U.S. states will file a new lawsuit challenging President Donald Trump ’ s plan to end Obamacare subsidies to health insurers that help low-income people pay out-of-pocket medical expenses , a source

Prompt 1261:
California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said on Friday that he will lead a coalition of states suing to prevent President Donald Trump from ending Obamacare subsidies to health insurers that help low-income people pay out-of-pocket

Prompt 1262:
U.S. President Donald Trump will strike a blow against the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement on Friday in defiance of other world powers , choosing not to certify that Tehran is complying with the deal in

Prompt 1263:
U.S. President Donald Trump struck a blow against the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement on Friday in defiance of other world powers , choosing not to certify that Tehran is complying with the deal . “

Prompt 1264:
Facebook Inc ( FB.O ) Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg said on Thursday the company was committed to helping U.S. congressional investigators publicly release Russia-backed political ads that ran during the 2016 U.S. election .

Prompt 1265:
Despite public promises of cooperation from Facebook and other social media companies , congressional investigators are battling over how much data the companies should hand over to them on Russian efforts to influence the 2016

Prompt 1266:
Washington has dramatically increased tensions in talks to renew the North American Free Trade Agreement by proposing that the lifespan of any new deal be limited to five years , people familiar with the negotiations

Prompt 1267:
Mexican Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade said on Friday that Mexico ’ s peso was reacting with volatility to “ tension ” in NAFTA talks , but Mexico wanted to reach a consensus to modernize

Prompt 1268:
Representatives of Facebook , Twitter and Google have been asked to appear on Nov. 1 at hearings on alleged Russian interference in U.S. politics called by the U.S. Senate and House Intelligence Committees , officials

Prompt 1269:
Mexico would keep trading with Canada under the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) even if the United States opts to abandon the pact , Mexico ’ s economy minister said on Friday

Prompt 1270:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday that it was difficult for the Trump administration ’ s tax plan not to cut taxes for the wealthiest earners . “ If you ’ re cutting

Prompt 1271:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Friday said he expects to publish a much-anticipated review of the Financial Stability Oversight Council ( FSOC ) ahead of a review of special rules that would allow regulators

Prompt 1272:
A new package of U.S. disaster assistance sailed through the House of Representatives on Thursday , despite President Donald Trump expressing impatience with having to devote federal resources for hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico ’ s recovery

Prompt 1273:
U.S. President Donald Trump praised the people of Puerto Rico on Friday , calling them “ wonderful ” and praising their “ unmatched spirit ” as the U.S. territorial island struggles to recover from Hurricane

Prompt 1274:
A top U.S. government legal official has given strong backing to Britain ’ s campaign to force Silicon Valley to compromise on encrypted communications , rebuking tech firms for failing to balance crime-fighting demands with

Prompt 1275:
The leaders of Mexico and Canada on Thursday pledged to work toward a renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) even as talks taking place in the United States turned sour

Prompt 1276:
U.S. demands for more favorable treatment under the North American Free Trade Agreement , and a proposal that any new deal be allowed to expire after five years , heightened tensions as negotiators held another

Prompt 1277:
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said on Thursday Canada will not walk away from talks to rehash the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) despite a U.S. proposal to include a clause that could

Prompt 1278:
South Korea ’ s trade minister Kim Hyun-chong said on Friday the United States may demand that Seoul guarantees it will step up arms purchases and imports of U.S. shale gas if the two countries

Prompt 1279:
President Donald Trump will stop payments worth billions of dollars to health insurers to subsidize low-income Americans , the White House said on Thursday , a move health insurers have warned will cause chaos in

Prompt 1280:
The White House said late on Thursday that it can not lawfully pay subsidies to health insurance companies under the Obamacare health law , prompting howls of protests from Democratic lawmakers . A White House

Prompt 1281:
President Donald Trump ’ s plan to make it easier for small businesses to band together and buy stripped-down health insurance plans could violate a federal law governing employee benefit plans and will almost certainly

Prompt 1282:
White House chief of staff John Kelly slapped down rumors that he was about to resign or be fired and said on Thursday his push to bring more order to the West Wing does not

Prompt 1283:
President Donald Trump met on Wednesday with Stanford University economist John Taylor in his search for a new chair of the Federal Reserve , a White House official said . Trump was joined for the

Prompt 1284:
Republicans in the U.S. Congress , long the staunchest opponents of the Iran nuclear deal , may be the best hope for preserving it if President Donald Trump declines on Friday to certify that Tehran

Prompt 1285:
Republican lawmakers are considering indirect paths to meeting President Donald Trump ’ s goal of slashing the corporate tax rate to 20 percent , one of the toughest challenges they face in trying to overhaul

Prompt 1286:
Michigan Governor Rick Snyder denied Thursday that he had misled a U.S. House of Representatives committee last year over testimony on Flint ’ s water crisis after lawmakers asked if his testimony had been contradicted

Prompt 1287:
U.S . Senator Elizabeth Warren on Thursday urged the Justice Department ’ s top antitrust official to recuse himself from an ongoing review of AT & T Inc ’ s planned $ 85.4 billion acquisition

Prompt 1288:
A bipartisan pair of Michigan lawmakers introduced a bill to make it easier for automakers to comply with federal fuel efficiency requirements , as the Trump administration considers softening standards that require nearly doubling the

Prompt 1289:
Senator Marco Rubio said on Thursday he has urged U.S. President Donald Trump to create a high-level task force to provide ideas and advice for helping Puerto Rico to rebuild after Hurricane Maria , and

Prompt 1290:
A suggestion by President Donald Trump that a U.S. regulator pull broadcast licenses from TV networks over what Trump calls “ fake news ” has been met by silence from the watchdog ’ s head

Prompt 1291:
The U.S. energy secretary defended his plan to reward nuclear plants with incentives against criticism it would manipulate markets by telling a congressional hearing on Thursday that a strong domestic nuclear industry boosted national security

Prompt 1292:
White House chief of staff John Kelly said on Thursday his role was not to control President Donald Trump or his Twitter habit . “ I was not brought to this job to control anything

Prompt 1293:
A Democratic U.S. congressman is asking the Department of Energy ’ s watchdog to investigate Energy Secretary Rick Perry ’ s travel on chartered aircraft , the congressman said at a hearing on Thursday .

Prompt 1294:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said on Thursday the policies that allow immigrants to seek asylum in the United States were broken and subject to “ rampant abuse and fraud. ” In a speech at

Prompt 1295:
President Donald Trump on Thursday prescribed a quick fix to undo Obamacare through executive order after Republicans in the U.S. Congress failed to repeal and replace the healthcare law as promised , but industry experts

Prompt 1296:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday said federal assistance can not stay “ forever ” on the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico following recent hurricanes , and that Congress must determine how much disaster funding

Prompt 1297:
White House chief of staff John Kelly said on Friday the federal government would stand with Puerto Rico in its recovery efforts until the “ job is done , ” saying President Donald Trump was

Prompt 1298:
The White House said on Thursday that it is committed to helping Puerto Rico recover from the devastation caused by Hurricane Maria and is working with the territory ’ s governor and the U.S. Congress

Prompt 1299:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he was open to bilateral trade pacts with either Canada or Mexico if a three-way deal can not be reached to substantially revise the North American Free Trade

Prompt 1300:
Business leaders attending a U.S.-Mexico CEO conference said on Wednesday that no North American Free Trade Agreement would be better than a bad deal , as industry braces for the end of a treaty that

Prompt 1301:
Democrats desperate to rebuild after losing the White House last year have scored a string of election victories for statehouse seats , testing a new generation of candidates and activists eager to resist President Donald

Prompt 1302:
Facebook Inc has begun overhauling how it handles political ads on its platform and may put some changes in place before U.S. elections next year , Facebook ’ s chief technology officer said on Wednesday

Prompt 1303:
Japan will propose changes to its safeguard mechanism on frozen U.S. beef imports that will shorten review periods and allow importers to voluntarily lower import volumes to prevent tariffs from automatically kicking in , two

Prompt 1304:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday nominated the chief executive of AccuWeather Inc to head the government ’ s meteorological agency that monitors the climate and issues daily weather forecasts . Trump nominated Barry Myers

Prompt 1305:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday appeared to confirm he had North Korea in mind last week when he described a gathering of military leaders as “ the calm before the storm. ” In an

Prompt 1306:
President Donald Trump plans to name John Rood , a senior executive at defense contractor Lockheed Martin Corp and a 20-year veteran of various government roles , as undersecretary of defense for policy , the

Prompt 1307:
U.S. President Donald Trump suggested challenging licenses for NBC and other broadcast news networks following reports by NBC News that his secretary of state had called him a “ moron ” after a discussion of

Prompt 1308:
President Donald Trump on Wednesday told workers that they would win under his tax plan , saying it would help the middle class and boost the economy , though critics say it would mainly benefit

Prompt 1309:
The U.S. federal government is working on a long-term plan to help Puerto Rico rebuild after Hurricane Maria tore up the island territory ’ s power grid and other infrastructure three weeks ago , an

Prompt 1310:
President Donald Trump will nominate Kirstjen Nielsen , who as top aide to his White House chief of staff has sought to instill order in Trump ’ s team , to lead the U.S. Department

Prompt 1311:
The U.S. federal government is working on a long-term plan to help Puerto Rico rebuild after Hurricane Maria tore through the island territory three weeks ago , an administration official said on Wednesday . The

Prompt 1312:
Although U.S. President Donald Trump has talked about walking away from NAFTA if necessary , he and other members of the administration hope that will not have to occur , U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross

Prompt 1313:
The Republican chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Foreign Affairs committee said on Wednesday the international nuclear deal with Iran should be strictly enforced by Washington working with its allies , but did not

Prompt 1314:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday tough negotiations were ahead on the North American Free Trade Agreement but a deal was possible and he would consider having a trade pact with Canada but not

Prompt 1315:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday denied a report from NBC News that he told his national security advisers in July he wanted to increase the country ’ s nuclear arsenal by nearly tenfold ,

Prompt 1316:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday slammed what he said were “ absolutely false ” media reports asserting that President Donald Trump had called for an increase in the U.S. nuclear arsenal . “

Prompt 1317:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday the House will take up supplemental disaster funding to help areas hit by hurricanes and wildfires on Thursday . “ We think it ’ s

Prompt 1318:
The Trump administration is nearing completion of new “ Buy American ” rules to make it easier to sell U.S.-made military drones overseas and compete against fast-growing Chinese and Israeli rivals , senior U.S. officials

Prompt 1319:
President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he likely will sign an order this week that is expected to allow Americans to buy stripped-down health insurance policies , a step some experts say would further undermine

Prompt 1320:
NFL team owners will consider requiring football players to stand for the U.S. national anthem after President Donald Trump on Tuesday suggested using tax laws to penalize the league for players who kneel in protest

Prompt 1321:
Three congressional committees are scuffling over a former British spy ’ s reports that are central to investigations into U.S. allegations that Russia tried to help Donald Trump ’ s 2016 presidential campaign , people

Prompt 1322:
A U.S. Treasury official dashed hopes for a World Bank capital increase in the near term , saying the multilateral lender first needs to review its balance sheet to ensure resources are going to countries

Prompt 1323:
President Donald Trump has appointed Eric Hargan as acting Secretary of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , the White House said on Tuesday . Hargan , the deputy secretary of HHS , formerly

Prompt 1324:
Carter Page , a former foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump ’ s presidential campaign , told the Senate Intelligence Committee on Tuesday he would not cooperate with any request to appear before the panel

Prompt 1325:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday his public feud with Senator Bob Corker would not harm his push for a tax-code overhaul , hours after he aimed a new insult at the influential fellow

Prompt 1326:
U.S. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Scott Gottlieb , considered a potential successor to recently departed Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price , said on Tuesday he believed he could best serve the Trump

Prompt 1327:
President Tayyip Erdogan blamed the U.S. ambassador to Turkey on Tuesday for a diplomatic crisis between the two countries and said Ankara no longer considered him Washington ’ s envoy . In a blunt and

Prompt 1328:
Susan Collins , one of the few remaining moderate Republicans in the U.S. Senate , is expected to announce on Friday whether she will run for governor of Maine next year in what would be

Prompt 1329:
The most powerful U.S. business lobby accused the Trump administration of making “ poison pill proposals ” to sabotage NAFTA on Tuesday , as Mexico ’ s foreign minister said the demise of the regional

Prompt 1330:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday stepped up his war of words over National Football League players ’ silent protests against racial injustice , saying the world ’ s top-grossing sports league should not be

Prompt 1331:
The fourth round of talks to renegotiate the North American Free Trade agreement have been prolonged until Oct. 17 , two sources in Mexico said on Tuesday , as negotiators gathering in Washington were expected

Prompt 1332:
Mexico will only remain within the North American Free Trade Agreement if the renegotiated treaty is good for the country , Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray said on Tuesday , as trade negotiators gathered in Washington

Prompt 1333:
A diplomatic dispute between Turkey and the United States has not affected military operations or personnel out of Turkey , the Pentagon said on Tuesday . “ I can confirm that these developments have not

Prompt 1334:
U.S. President Donald Trump said he has prepared an “ economic-development ” measure that would punish companies that globally outsource jobs . The bill would provide economic incentives for companies , Trump said in an

Prompt 1335:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday the United States should dismiss its ambassador to Ankara if he took the decision to suspend visa services in Turkey , adding he did not regard him as

Prompt 1336:
A Texas-based chain of strip clubs would go on a buying spree . A growing technology company would move fewer jobs overseas . And a regional bank would boost its spending on cybersecurity . These

Prompt 1337:
A public feud between President Donald Trump and influential fellow Republican Bob Corker could narrow the path for a tax overhaul in the U.S. Senate , where a Republican go-it-alone effort is already showing signs

Prompt 1338:
While Democrats and immigration advocates recoiled at hard-line immigration proposals unveiled this week by the White House , they see a chance to force Republicans ’ hand on legislation to help young “ Dreamers ”

Prompt 1339:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1340:
Hackers are joining forces with U.S. governors and academics in a new group aimed at preventing the manipulation of voter machines and computer systems to sway the outcome of future U.S. elections , a source

Prompt 1341:
Outside the Morgan County fair in McConnelsville , in a rural swath of Ohio that fervently backed U.S. President Donald Trump in last year ’ s election , ticket seller John Wilson quietly counts off

Prompt 1342:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday said “ only one thing will work ” in dealing with North Korea after previous administrations had talked to Pyongyang without results . “ Presidents and their administrations have

Prompt 1343:
Turkey urged the United States on Monday to review its suspension of visa services after the arrest of a U.S. consulate employee sharply escalated tension between the two NATO allies and drove Turkey ’ s

Prompt 1344:
The U.S. ambassador to Turkey said on Monday the duration of a suspension in visa services in Turkey would depend on talks between the two governments regarding the detention of Turkish staff at the U.S.

Prompt 1345:
California Governor Jerry Brown on Monday signed state legislation requiring drug companies to report certain price hikes for prescription medicines in a move that could set a model for other states to follow . The

Prompt 1346:
The head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said on Monday he would sign a proposed rule on Tuesday to begin withdrawing from the Clean Power Plan , former President Barack Obama ’ s centerpiece

Prompt 1347:
Turkey ’ s President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday a U.S. decision to suspend visa services in Turkey was upsetting , adding that Turkish foreign ministry officials had contacted their U.S. counterparts over the issue

Prompt 1348:
Democrat Dianne Feinstein , the oldest current U.S. senator , said on Monday she was “ all in ” to run for re-election next year in her home state of California . In a post

Prompt 1349:
Turkish authorities summoned a U.S. consulate worker to testify on Monday over his relatives ’ alleged links to last year ’ s failed coup attempt , state-run Anadolu news agency said , days after the

Prompt 1350:
Turkey ’ s foreign ministry on Monday summoned the U.S. embassy undersecretary and called for an end to a dispute between the two countries , Turkish foreign ministry sources said , after the NATO allies

Prompt 1351:
U.S. President Donald Trump , who pledged to help protect young people known as “ Dreamers ” brought illegally to the United States as children , called on Sunday for money to fund a border

Prompt 1352:
With a businessman turned politician now in the Oval Office , a small but growing number of bankers and Wall Street financiers across the United States have set their sights on politics . In New

Prompt 1353:
Turkey urged the United States on Monday to review its suspension of visa services after the arrest of a U.S. consulate employee sharply escalated tension between the two NATO allies and drove Turkey ’ s

Prompt 1354:
China said on Monday it hopes the Iran nuclear deal will stay intact , playing an important role in keeping the peace , after a senior U.S. official said President Donald Trump is expected to

Prompt 1355:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence walked out of a National Football League game on Sunday after some players knelt during the national anthem , a form of demonstration that began last year in silent protest

Prompt 1356:
Congressional Democrats rejected President Donald Trump ’ s requests on Sunday that renewed protection for “ Dreamers ” - people brought illegally to the United States as children - include funding for a border wall

Prompt 1357:
The powerful U.S. gun lobby , the National Rifle Association , said on Sunday it would oppose an outright ban on bump-stock devices that the killer in the Las Vegas massacre of 58 people used

Prompt 1358:
Turkish embassy in Washington said on Sunday it suspended all non-immigrant visa services at all Turkish diplomatic facilities in the United States , after U.S. missions reduced visa services in Turkey . “ Recent events

Prompt 1359:
Erik Prince , who founded a private military contractor that has faced lawsuits for shootings and other misconduct in Iraq , is considering challenging a Republican Senator from Wyoming in a primary next year ,

Prompt 1360:
President Donald Trump said in an interview broadcast on Saturday that he wanted to give a shot at achieving peace between Israel and the Palestinians before moving the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem

Prompt 1361:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Saturday he would be open to cutting a one-year or two-year deal with Democratic rivals as a way to kick-start reform of the nation ’ s healthcare system ,

Prompt 1362:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Saturday he had a good relationship with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson but that Tillerson could be tougher . Trump , who made the comment to reporters at the

Prompt 1363:
President Donald Trump will announce new U.S. responses to Iran ’ s missile tests , support for “ terrorism ” and cyber operations as part of his new Iran strategy , the White House said

Prompt 1364:
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani defended the nuclear deal with Western powers Saturday and said that U.S. President Donald Trump could not undermine it . Under the 2015 deal , Iran agreed to limit its disputed

Prompt 1365:
President Donald Trump ’ s administration on Friday undermined requirements under the Obamacare law that employers provide insurance to cover women ’ s birth control , keeping a campaign pledge that pleased his conservative Christian

Prompt 1366:
Co-chairman Harvey Weinstein was taking an indefinite leave from the Weinstein Co , the film production company said on Friday , adding it will conduct an internal investigation into the New York Times ’ report

Prompt 1367:
The U.S. Treasury on Friday unveiled a blueprint for sweeping reforms of the U.S. capital markets as it looks to implement Republican President Donald Trump ’ s agenda to promote economic growth by slashing red

Prompt 1368:
The U.S. Treasury on Friday said domestic regulators should prioritize U.S. interests when engaging in global rulemaking forums , setting up possible conflicts with overseas regulators . The recommendation comes days before global regulators from

Prompt 1369:
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ’ s watchdog is expanding a review of administrator Scott Pruitt ’ s frequent travels to his home state Oklahoma to include more recent trips taken on military and charter

Prompt 1370:
President Donald Trump declined on Friday to explain what he meant when he described a gathering of military leaders as “ the calm before the storm , ” but the White House said he was

Prompt 1371:
The American Civil Liberties Union sued the Trump administration on Friday over its decision to roll back requirements under Obamacare that employers provide insurance to cover women ’ s birth control . The ACLU lawsuit

Prompt 1372:
A U.S. House of Representatives committee said on Friday that it has scheduled a new hearing on Kaspersky Lab software as lawmakers review accusations that the Kremlin could use its products to conduct espionage .

Prompt 1373:
The vice chairman of a voter fraud panel set up by U.S. President Donald Trump began soon after the election to draft legislative changes that would allow states to require voters to prove their citizenship

Prompt 1374:
Disagreement among U.S. congressional Republicans is already swirling around a tax cut plan unveiled days ago by President Donald Trump , who has proposed repealing the tax on inheritances and eliminating a deduction for state

Prompt 1375:
California Attorney General Xavier Becerra said on Friday he was “ prepared to take whatever action it takes ” to defend the Obamacare mandate that health insurers provide birth control , now that the Trump

Prompt 1376:
After discussing Iran and North Korea with U.S. military leaders on Thursday , President Donald Trump posed for a photo with them before dinner and declared the moment “ the calm before the storm. ”

Prompt 1377:
Hundreds of government employees file in and out of the U.S. agency for auto safety in Washington every working day , investigating potentially dangerous vehicles and managing a $ 900 million annual budget . But

Prompt 1378:
A former British spy who compiled a dossier with allegations that Russia helped Donald Trump in the 2016 U.S. presidential election has met with investigators working for the special counsel on the case , a

Prompt 1379:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1380:
White House officials believe Chief of Staff John Kelly ’ s personal cellphone was compromised , raising concerns that hackers or foreign governments may have had access to data on the phone , Politico reported

Prompt 1381:
President Donald Trump on Thursday named Andrew Wheeler , a coal industry lobbyist and former congressional staffer , as his pick for deputy administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , prompting contrasting reactions from

Prompt 1382:
U.S. Republican Representative Tim Murphy will resign from Congress on Oct. 21 , House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday , following a report alleging that Murphy had asked a woman with whom he was

Prompt 1383:
Executives from Facebook Inc ( FB.O ) , Twitter Inc ( TWTR.N ) and Alphabet Inc ’ s ( GOOGL.O ) Google have been asked to testify about Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election

Prompt 1384:
A senior lawyer at the U.S. Treasury Department ’ s Office of the Inspector General said on Thursday he found “ no violation of law ” in Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin ’ s use of

Prompt 1385:
Congressional Republicans moved to hasten an overhaul of the U.S. tax code on Thursday , while Federal Reserve officials warned in rare public remarks that President Donald Trump ’ s tax plan could lead to

Prompt 1386:
Challengers to President Donald Trump ’ s travel ban targeting several Muslim-majority countries on Thursday urged the U.S. Supreme Court to decide the policy ’ s legality even though it has been replaced with a

Prompt 1387:
Democratic U.S . Senator Claire McCaskill on Thursday said she drafted a bill stating that tribal sovereign immunity can not be used to block U.S. Patent and Trademark Office review of a patent . Drugmaker

Prompt 1388:
A group of 38 U.S. senators asked the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on Thursday to abandon plans to lower biofuel requirements for oil refiners in 2018 , according to a letter made public by the

Prompt 1389:
The National Rifle Association said on Thursday devices that allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully automatic ones need tougher regulation , and it called on regulators to determine whether the bump-stock devices comply with

Prompt 1390:
A bill to make California a sanctuary state , by preventing police from inquiring about immigration status and curtailing law enforcement cooperation with immigration officers , was signed into law by the governor on Thursday

Prompt 1391:
Federal Reserve officials have started to push back on the idea that the Trump administration ’ s tax cut plan would boost the economy , cautioning it could instead trigger high inflation , unsustainable debt

Prompt 1392:
A backlash against “ bump stock ” gun accessories , which enable rifles to be turned into rapid-fire guns , grew in the U.S. Congress on Thursday as House Speaker Paul Ryan opened the door

Prompt 1393:
The White House said on Thursday it welcomed efforts by both political parties to address the use of “ bump stock ” gun accessories , which enable rifles to be turned into rapid-fire weapons ,

Prompt 1394:
The No . 2 Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Thursday that he expects Congress will take steps to control the use of “ bump stock ” gun accessories that enable rifles

Prompt 1395:
The U.S. Department of Justice has reversed course on whether federal law banning sex discrimination in the workplace provides protections for transgender employees , saying in a memo that it does not . The memo

Prompt 1396:
The special counsel investigating whether Russia tried to sway the 2016 U.S. election has taken over FBI inquiries into a former British spy ’ s dossier of allegations of Russian financial and personal links to

Prompt 1397:
The U.S. Senate on Thursday confirmed Randal Quarles as the Federal Reserve ’ s top official on regulatory matters , filling a role critical to the Trump Administration ’ s goal of lightening post-financial crisis

Prompt 1398:
The Trump administration will keep for now an Obama-era rule that helped halt a wave of U.S. corporations moving abroad via tax-driven corporate inversion deals , it said on Wednesday , but added that it

Prompt 1399:
Leaders of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said on Wednesday the issue of whether President Donald Trump ’ s 2016 election campaign colluded with Russia remains an open question as the panel intensifies its probe

Prompt 1400:
U.S. President Donald Trump denied on Thursday that Rex Tillerson had threatened to resign after a news report that the secretary of state had called him a moron and had to be repeatedly persuaded not

Prompt 1401:
The head of the U.S. Department of the Interior came under further scrutiny on Thursday amid a media report that he had attended a Republican fundraiser in March during a government trip to the Caribbean

Prompt 1402:
U.S. President Donald Trump has set many specific and general goals for his administration ’ s management of the economy , like raising growth to 3 percent and eliminating the country ’ s trade deficit

Prompt 1403:
U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry took a chartered jet to Ohio last week , according to an airport management company , the day before fellow Cabinet member Tom Price resigned over his use of private

Prompt 1404:
A bipartisan group of U.S. senators introduced legislation on Wednesday that would lessen prison sentences for non-violent drug offenders , reviving a similar effort that failed to become law last year . The bill would

Prompt 1405:
A U.S. Senate panel on Wednesday unanimously gave the green light to a bill aimed at speeding the use of self-driving cars without human controls , a measure that also bars states from imposing regulatory

Prompt 1406:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday he had never considered resigning and was committed to President Donald Trump ’ s agenda , but failed to address whether he had referred to the

Prompt 1407:
A bipartisan group of U.S. lawmakers unveiled legislation on Wednesday that would overhaul aspects of the National Security Agency ’ s warrantless internet surveillance program in an effort to install additional privacy protections . The

Prompt 1408:
The U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources said it will work to identify red tape and other bureaucratic hurdles to speed up Puerto Rico ’ s recovery and rebuilding , as the island struggles to

Prompt 1409:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence never discussed with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the prospect of the top U.S. diplomat resigning from President Donald Trump ’ s administration , Pence ’ s office said in

Prompt 1410:
U.S. President Donald Trump retains confidence in Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Wednesday . “ As we ’ ve said many times before , if the president

Prompt 1411:
The chairman of the U.S. Senate Commerce Committee said on Tuesday he plans to hold a hearing later this month over massive data breaches at Equifax Inc ( EFX.N ) and Yahoo , which is

Prompt 1412:
The head of a private investment firm came one step closer to leading the Federal Reserve ’ s regulatory efforts Wednesday , a key post as President Donald Trump endeavors to trim regulations to boost

Prompt 1413:
President Donald Trump ’ s tax plan would let U.S. companies take bigger , faster deductions on capital investments , a step some experts said would deplete Washington ’ s policy arsenal by using up

Prompt 1414:
Greece welcomed a decision by senior archaeologists to conditionally permit a major tourism project in Athens on Wednesday , saying it cleared the way for the country to turn the site into one of Europe

Prompt 1415:
A federal judge on Wednesday upheld President Donald Trump ’ s pardon earlier this year of 85-year-old former Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio , rejecting legal challenges by outside groups . U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton

Prompt 1416:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson did not call President Donald Trump a moron in a private conversation , a State Department spokeswoman said on Wednesday , adding the top U.S. diplomat told her he

Prompt 1417:
U.S . Senator Elizabeth Warren criticized Equifax Inc ( EFX.N ) on Wednesday , saying it failed to protect customers adequately after a massive data breach and stood to gain financially from a hack that

Prompt 1418:
U.S. House Democrats introduced legislation on Wednesday to direct banking regulators to review operations at the country ’ s largest banks and consider shutting them down if they exhibit repeated wrongdoing to consumers . The

Prompt 1419:
President Donald Trump will be presented with multiple options regarding the future of the Iran nuclear deal ahead of an Oct. 15 deadline to certify whether Tehran is complying with the pact , Secretary of

Prompt 1420:
More than two thousand miles away from the healthcare debate in Washington , President Donald Trump ’ s threats to let Obamacare collapse are sowing confusion about its fate and dampening 2018 enrollment expectations .

Prompt 1421:
Republican Senator Richard Burr , the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said on Wednesday that Facebook ads bought by Russia-linked entities targeted more than just Michigan and Wisconsin , the two states listed

Prompt 1422:
In the middle of Whirlpool Corp ’ s bustling washer factory in northern Ohio there is an empty patch of concrete floor - a reminder of a $ 60 million expansion plan the appliance maker

Prompt 1423:
President Donald Trump ’ s tax reform plan came under new criticism on Tuesday from two towering Wall Street figures , including billionaire investor Warren Buffett , who called into question a Republican drive to

Prompt 1424:
Supreme Court justices clashed on Tuesday over whether courts should curb the long-standing U.S. political practice of drawing electoral maps to entrench one party in power , with conservative Anthony Kennedy likely to cast the

Prompt 1425:
The U.S. Justice Department said on Tuesday it tapped Robert Patterson , a career investigator , to temporarily lead the Drug Enforcement Administration , after the drug office ’ s previous acting chief stepped down

Prompt 1426:
The Trump administration on Tuesday expelled 15 Cuban diplomats to protest Cuba ’ s failure to protect staff at the U.S. embassy in Havana from a mysterious spate of health “ attacks , ” spurring

Prompt 1427:
The former head of Equifax Inc ( EFX.N ) apologized repeatedly on Tuesday at a congressional hearing for the theft of millions of people ’ s personal data in a hacking breach , saying it

Prompt 1428:
A U.S. official told Congress on Tuesday it would be “ rational ” to legislate a path for citizenship for illegal immigrants who came to the United States as children , but within hours the

Prompt 1429:
Warren Buffett is closely monitoring whether U.S. President Donald Trump can lower corporate taxes , one of the rare times the billionaire has looked to Washington to help him decide which stocks to buy and

Prompt 1430:
A U.S. Justice Department appeals lawyer is on special counsel Robert Mueller ’ s team probing interference in the 2016 presidential election , Reuters has learned . Scott Meisler , an appellate attorney with the

Prompt 1431:
A U.S. House of Representatives committee launched a probe into drugmaker Allergan Plc ’ s ( AGN.N ) deal to transfer some of its patents to a Native American tribe to shield them from review

Prompt 1432:
Allowing foreign governments to require reviews of software secrets of technology products built by U.S. companies is “ problematic , ” the top White House cyber security official said on Tuesday , adding that the

Prompt 1433:
Cuba ’ s Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez angrily protested the expulsion of 15 diplomats from the Cuban embassy in Washington on Tuesday , calling it “ unjustified. ” U.S.-Cuba tensions rising , in the wake

Prompt 1434:
The U.S. Office of Special Counsel is investigating whether Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke broke the law when he gave a speech to a professional hockey team owned by a political donor in June , the

Prompt 1435:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis on Tuesday played down an apparent split between the U.S. president and his top diplomat over outreach to North Korea , saying America ’ s focus was still on finding

Prompt 1436:
Puerto Rico , struggling to recover from hurricane damage , could receive $ 1 billion in additional funding for the Medicaid health insurance program for the poor under a proposal from a U.S. House of

Prompt 1437:
Muslim immigrants and an advocacy group filed a fresh lawsuit against President Donald Trump ’ s latest version of a travel ban that placed indefinite restrictions on the entry of citizens from eight countries to

Prompt 1438:
Americans are increasingly confident in the news media and less so in President Donald Trump ’ s administration after a tumultuous year in U.S. politics that tested the public ’ s trust in both institutions

Prompt 1439:
The Kremlin said on Tuesday it hoped that President Donald Trump ’ s new ambassador to Russia , Jon Huntsman , could help breathe new life into battered U.S.-Russia relations . Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov

Prompt 1440:
The Trump administration will order nearly two-thirds of Cuba ’ s diplomatic personnel to leave the United States after months of mysterious “ attacks ” that have damaged the health of American embassy staff in

Prompt 1441:
President Donald Trump is discussing border security and other measures that the White House wants to see included in an immigration bill during a dinner with Republican lawmakers on Monday , an administration official said

Prompt 1442:
Oracle Corp ( ORCL.N ) Co-Chief Executive Mark Hurd on Monday said he does not understand Trump administration immigration policies that make it difficult for foreigners to work in the United States after earning an

Prompt 1443:
Sunday ’ s massacre in Las Vegas spurred a ritual-like response from U.S. politicians following the mass shootings that have left a trail of victims across the country : Democrats renewed demands for tougher gun

Prompt 1444:
The U.S. Senate on Monday confirmed Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai for another five-year term on the telecommunications regulatory panel where he faces decisions over dismantling Obama-era internet protections and a major television station

Prompt 1445:
U.S . Senator Rand Paul , a conservative maverick who helped kill the latest Republican effort to overturn Obamacare , took issue with President Donald Trump ’ s tax plan on Monday , asking in

Prompt 1446:
The Interior Department ’ s watchdog agency has launched an investigation into Secretary Ryan Zinke ’ s travels after reports emerged last week that he had used a private plane owned by an oil executive

Prompt 1447:
The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said on Monday he intended to make a “ representative sampling ” of Facebook Inc political ads believed to have been purchased by Russia available to the

Prompt 1448:
Puerto Ricans still living largely in darkness 12 days after Hurricane Maria leveled their island reveled in small victories on Sunday in what promises to be a months-long slog back to some semblance of normal

Prompt 1449:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1450:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Sunday said one of the top goals of the Trump administration ’ s tax plan is to help the middle class , but he could not guarantee that every

Prompt 1451:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Sunday he does not regret using a government plane to travel to Kentucky in August with his wife to view the solar eclipse and speak to business leaders

Prompt 1452:
The United States said on Saturday it was directly communicating with North Korea on its nuclear and missile programs but Pyongyang had shown no interest in dialogue . The disclosure by U.S. Secretary of State

Prompt 1453:
The White House said on Saturday it had ordered that Iran , Venezuela and four African nations be added to a U.S. list of countries accused of failing to crack down on human trafficking ,

Prompt 1454:
North Korea has shown no interest in pursuing talks on its nuclear and missile programs , the U.S. State Department said on Saturday after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson acknowledged the United States was communicating

Prompt 1455:
U.S. President Donald Trump is ramping up his search for a new chief for the U.S. central bank , meeting with former Federal Reserve Governor Kevin Warsh and three others and promising a decision next

Prompt 1456:
Chinese President Xi Jinping offered warm words for U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday , calling him a friend and saying he expected Trump ’ s visit to China in November would be “ wonderful

Prompt 1457:
The United States must respect China ’ s concerns on Taiwan to avoid causing disturbances in Sino-U.S. ties , Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told visiting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Saturday .

Prompt 1458:
The United States is probing North Korea to see whether it is interested in dialogue and has multiple direct channels of communication with Pyongyang , U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Saturday .

Prompt 1459:
U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price resigned under pressure from President Donald Trump on Friday in an uproar over Price ’ s use of costly private charter planes for government business . His

Prompt 1460:
The wealthiest Americans would benefit the most from President Donald Trump ’ s proposed tax cuts while many upper middle-income people would face higher taxes , independent experts said on Friday in the first detailed

Prompt 1461:
The Trump administration ’ s ability to win over the U.S. Supreme Court will be put to the test when the nine justices begin their new term on Monday with major cases awaiting on voting

Prompt 1462:
The White House on Friday cracked down on government officials using charter aircraft following the resignation of health secretary Tom Price over his use of private planes for government business . In a memo to

Prompt 1463:
U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price resigned under pressure from President Donald Trump on Friday in an uproar over Price ’ s use of costly private charter planes for government business . The

Prompt 1464:
The United States will admit a maximum of 45,000 refugees during the 2018 fiscal year , President Donald Trump said in a memorandum to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and released by the White House

Prompt 1465:
The American Civil Liberties Union on Friday launched the first legal challenge to President Donald Trump ’ s new restrictions on people entering the United States from eight countries . The civil rights group said

Prompt 1466:
Two months after signing it , President Donald Trump has not begun enforcing a law imposing new sanctions on Russia , Iran and North Korea , Senators John McCain and Ben Cardin said in a

Prompt 1467:
Texas Governor Greg Abbott on Friday gave $ 50 million to Houston to help cover costs related to Hurricane Harvey , a move the mayor said will allow the city to avoid a temporary property

Prompt 1468:
U.S. President Donald Trump expressed outrage on Friday at the injuries of diplomats at the U.S. embassy in Cuba . He spoke to reporters on the White House South Lawn after the State Department announced

Prompt 1469:
U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price resigned under pressure from President Donald Trump on Friday in an uproar over Price ’ s use of costly private charter planes for government business . His

Prompt 1470:
In the first two months after a June Supreme Court ruling allowed partial implementation of President Donald Trump ’ s travel ban , visas issued on average each month to citizens of six countries targeted

Prompt 1471:
A former New York City congressman who made national headlines for threatening to break a reporter “ in half ” before serving time in prison for tax fraud is expected this weekend to announce he

Prompt 1472:
The United States does not recognize the independence referendum in Iraqi Kurdistan and urges an end to “ threats of reciprocal actions , ” U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in a statement on

Prompt 1473:
U.S. President Donald Trump is ramping up his search for a new chief for the U.S. central bank , meeting with former Federal Reserve Governor Kevin Warsh and three others and promising a decision next

Prompt 1474:
The United States is crafting a plan for a drawdown of staff from the American embassy in Havana in response to still-unexplained incidents that have harmed the health of some U.S. diplomats there , U.S.

Prompt 1475:
A tree trimming company has been handed the largest penalty imposed in a United States immigration case , totaling $ 95 million , after pleading guilty to employing illegal immigrants , the U.S. Attorney ’

Prompt 1476:
The White House has launched an internal investigation into the use of private email by senior aides , pulling batches of emails on the White House server to and from their private accounts , Politico

Prompt 1477:
President Donald Trump and top aides have urged conservative Republicans in Congress to craft legislation protecting “ Dreamers ” brought illegally to the United States as children , a move that could jeopardize efforts to

Prompt 1478:
U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price promised on Thursday to repay the nearly $ 52,000 cost of his seats on private charter flights , as expensive air travel by Trump administration officials drew

Prompt 1479:
The U.S. Justice Department and the FBI are resisting demands from a Republican lawmaker to hand over documents about a former British spy ’ s dossier on purported Russian support for Donald Trump ’ s

Prompt 1480:
U.S. President Donald Trump will host Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha at the White House on Oct. 2 , not Oct. 3 as previously announced , the White House said in a statement on Thursday

Prompt 1481:
U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos was confronted by largely silent protesters holding signs opposing the Trump administration ’ s promotion of for-profit schools and changes to how colleges handle sex assault allegations at a speech

Prompt 1482:
Former Illinois U.S. congressman Mel Reynolds was found guilty in federal court on Thursday for failing to file federal income tax returns , marking the latest legal trouble for the one-time Democratic Party rising star

Prompt 1483:
U.S. President Donald Trump congratulated German Chancellor Angela Merkel on her election victory in a telephone conversation on Thursday in which they also discussed the Iran nuclear deal , the White House said . “

Prompt 1484:
The U.S. Senate confirmed former Utah governor Jon Huntsman on Thursday to be President Donald Trump ’ s ambassador to Russia , sending an experienced diplomat to fill the crucial post in Moscow . The

Prompt 1485:
The Republican-led Senate Finance Committee on Thursday set an Oct. 5 confirmation hearing for Gregory Doud , President Donald Trump ’ s nominee for the top agricultural negotiator job at the U.S. Trade Representative .

Prompt 1486:
“ What Happened , ” Hillary Clinton ’ s memoir of her unsuccessful bid to win the 2016 U.S. presidential election , topped the U.S. non-fiction bestsellers list on Thursday , fending off a challenge

Prompt 1487:
President Donald Trump ’ s Supreme Court appointee Neil Gorsuch gave a speech to a conservative group on Thursday at a hotel in which Trump has a financial interest , drawing criticism from protesters outside

Prompt 1488:
U.S. lawmakers on Thursday approved a bill extending the Federal Aviation Administration ’ s authority to operate and spend federal money and a package of tax relief bills to aid hurricane victims , sending them

Prompt 1489:
A group of Republican and Democratic senators urged the Trump administration on Thursday to use the “ full weight ” of its influence to help resolve the Rohingya crisis in Myanmar and Bangladesh , in

Prompt 1490:
Republican senators John McCain and Mike Lee introduced a bill on Thursday to permanently waive shipping restrictions on Puerto Rico , saying a temporary waiver from the Trump administration is “ insufficient ” to help

Prompt 1491:
California and Wisconsin said the U.S. Department of Homeland Security was incorrect when it notified them last week they were among 21 states whose election systems were targeted by Russian hackers during the 2016 election

Prompt 1492:
High-income Wall Street financiers could be unintended winners from a section of U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s tax-cut plan that is meant to help mostly small , “ mom-and-pop ” businesses . Trump called

Prompt 1493:
A typical U.S. family with two children earning $ 100,000 a year can expect a tax cut of $ 1,000 under President Donald Trump ’ s proposed tax overhaul , White House economic adviser Gary

Prompt 1494:
Two U.S. senators from both parties are close to finalizing a bipartisan deal to shore up the health insurance exchanges created under Obamacare , the chamber ’ s top Democrat said on Thursday . The

Prompt 1495:
The U.S. Senate voted 55 to 41 on Thursday to advance the nomination of Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai to serve a new five-year term heading the U.S. telecommunications regulator . The Senate is

Prompt 1496:
Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy on Thursday vetoed the $ 40.7 billion biennial budget passed by lawmakers earlier this month , saying the bill would undermine the state ’ s fiscal stability , education system and

Prompt 1497:
White House economic adviser Gary Cohn on Thursday said the administration now expects U.S. economic growth to be “ substantially ” higher than 3 percent , saying the boost would pay for Republicans ’ tax

Prompt 1498:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday that President Donald Trump ’ s proposal for a cut in the corporate income tax rate to 20 percent was “ not negotiable. ” “ The president

Prompt 1499:
U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said on Thursday he believed he still had President Trump ’ s confidence , a day after the president said he was not happy with Price over

Prompt 1500:
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday said National Football League players ’ protests were constitutionally protected free speech , but their decision to kneel while the national anthem played at games was “ misguided.

Prompt 1501:
Members of the U.S. House of Representatives put bitter party divisions aside for a long standing ovation on Thursday as Representative Steve Scalise returned for the first time since he was shot and wounded in

Prompt 1502:
U.S. House of Representatives Budget Committee Chairman Diane Black said on Thursday Republican had enough votes to pass a fiscal 2018 budget resolution which is needed to move tax reform legislation forward , adding that

Prompt 1503:
The U.S. House of Representatives will vote on the federal budget next week , U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday , adding that passing legislation on government spending will help clear the way

Prompt 1504:
Executives from Facebook , Alphabet Inc ’ s Google and Twitter have been asked to testify to the U.S. Congress in coming weeks as lawmakers probe Russia ’ s alleged interference in the 2016 U.S.

Prompt 1505:
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) head Scott Pruitt is said to have taken at least four noncommercial and military flights since mid-February , costing taxpayers more than $ 58,000 , the Washington Post

Prompt 1506:
President Donald Trump proposed on Wednesday the biggest U.S. tax overhaul in three decades , calling for tax cuts for most Americans , but prompting criticism that the plan favors business and the rich and

Prompt 1507:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1508:
Two U.S. senators said late on Wednesday that they had reached a bipartisan deal on legislation aimed at easing hurdles to getting self-driving cars to drivers . U.S . Senator John Thune , a Republican

Prompt 1509:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he was “ not happy ” with Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price over reports he used expensive private charter jets to travel for government business rather

Prompt 1510:
President Donald Trump , faced with the latest Republican failure to undo Obamacare , pledged on Wednesday to tackle it again next year , suggesting without evidence that he had the votes to pass reform

Prompt 1511:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he will return to the healthcare legislative effort early next year and negotiate with Democrats on the issue , a day after the failure of Republicans ’ latest

Prompt 1512:
California will move its presidential primary from June to March under a bill signed on Wednesday by Democratic Governor Jerry Brown , a change aimed at giving the liberal-leaning state more influence in choosing candidates

Prompt 1513:
A U.S. senator on Wednesday said Russian internet trolls , seeking to polarize Americans , helped fuel a debate ignited by President Donald Trump over whether NFL players should have the right to kneel during

Prompt 1514:
The U.S. Senate voted on Wednesday to confirm the head of the Justice Department ’ s Antitrust Division , which will decide the fate of deals like AT & T Inc ’ s proposed purchase

Prompt 1515:
Four U.S. senators have asked the Senate Judiciary Committee to launch an investigation into a deal drugmaker Allergan Plc ( AGN.N ) struck with a Native American tribe to protect some of its patents from

Prompt 1516:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday criticized Facebook Inc ( FB.O ) as “ anti-Trump ” and questioned its role during the 2016 presidential campaign , amid probes into alleged Russian interference in the election

Prompt 1517:
The anti-establishment wave that propelled Donald Trump to the White House is developing into a political force that perhaps even the president can not control and could shake his Republican Party ahead of next year

Prompt 1518:
President Donald Trump said on Wednesday an unnamed foreign leader told him at the United Nations last week that the country would soon announce plans to build or expand five automobile industry factories in the

Prompt 1519:
The U.S. Senate voted on Wednesday to confirm Heath Tarbert to be an assistant secretary of the Treasury . Tarbert is expected to oversee the inter-agency Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ,

Prompt 1520:
U.S. prosecutors on Wednesday sought a prison sentence of 21 to 27 months for former U.S . Congressman Anthony Weiner , who admitted to sending sexually explicit messages to a teenage girl in a “

Prompt 1521:
Former U.S. congressman Anthony Weiner has asked a judge not to sentence him to prison after he admitted to sending sexually explicit messages to a teenage girl , igniting a “ sexting ” scandal that

Prompt 1522:
U.S. President Donald Trump said wealthy Americans would not benefit under his tax plan and that he would not negotiate on the Republicans ’ tax framework proposal to lower the corporate tax rate to 20

Prompt 1523:
Republicans in the U.S. Congress and the White House called for slashing tax rates on businesses and the wealthy on Wednesday , as part of a new tax plan that offers few details about how

Prompt 1524:
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello said on Wednesday he expected the federal government to waive the Jones Act , which would lift restrictions on ships that can provide aid to the island devastated by Hurricane

Prompt 1525:
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security said on Wednesday it is considering a request by members of Congress to waive federal restrictions on shipping to Puerto Rico , but has not received any formal requests

Prompt 1526:
The conservative Freedom Caucus in the U.S. House of Representatives said in a note posted on Twitter on Wednesday that it had taken an official position in support of the Republican framework for tax reform

Prompt 1527:
A U.S. House committee investigating whether Russia has tried to influence U.S. public opinion on fossil fuels asked Facebook ( FB.O ) , Twitter ( TWTR.N ) and Alphabet ( GOOGL.O ) on Wednesday to

Prompt 1528:
The Trump administration is making it more difficult for skilled foreigners to work in the United States , challenging visa applications more often than at nearly any point in the Obama era , according to

Prompt 1529:
U.S. states have negotiated to the bitter end to keep health insurers selling Obamacare plans in every county next year , in some cases taking a hard-line to prevent exits that leave residents without access

Prompt 1530:
After well-received responses to two major hurricanes that hit the U.S. mainland , President Donald Trump is battling to show Americans he can handle yet another natural disaster - this time in Puerto Rico -

Prompt 1531:
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Wednesday the U.S. relationship with China was too lopsided and listed market access , protectionism and intellectual property as the biggest problems amid trade tensions between the two

Prompt 1532:
Alabama voters elected conservative firebrand Roy Moore as the Republican nominee for a U.S. Senate seat on Tuesday , dealing a blow to President Donald Trump and other party leaders who had argued that rival

Prompt 1533:
U.S. Republicans on Tuesday fell short yet again in their seven-year drive to repeal Obamacare , in a bitter defeat that raises more questions about their ability to enact President Donald Trump ’ s agenda

Prompt 1534:
The failure by President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans to dismantle Obamacare has infuriated the party ’ s conservative flank and is intensifying intra-party warfare ahead of the 2018 U.S. congressional elections . Donors

Prompt 1535:
U.S. President Donald Trump ramped up his fight with the National Football League on Tuesday , calling on the league to ban players from kneeling in protest at games while the national anthem is played

Prompt 1536:
A majority of Americans disagree with President Donald Trump ’ s assertion that football players should be fired for kneeling during the national anthem , even though most say they would personally stand during the

Prompt 1537:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1538:
The Trump administration plans to admit up to 45,000 refugees to the United States in the fiscal year starting Oct. 1 , a former U.S. official said on Tuesday , a ceiling that would keep

Prompt 1539:
The Trump administration plans to cap the number of refugees admitted to the United States in the coming year at 45,000 , two people with knowledge of the decision said on Tuesday , and advocates

Prompt 1540:
Republican political consultant Roger Stone , a longtime ally of President Donald Trump , flatly denied allegations of collusion between the president ’ s associates and Russia during the 2016 U.S. election in a meeting

Prompt 1541:
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ’ s acting director on Tuesday said that he will be leaving his post , two months after he criticized Republican President Donald Trump for telling law enforcement officers not

Prompt 1542:
U.S . Senator Bob Corker , the influential Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said on Tuesday he will not run for re-election , a blow to a party already struggling to

Prompt 1543:
The chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) told a congressional committee on Tuesday he did not believe his predecessor Mary Jo White knew of a 2016 cyber breach to the

Prompt 1544:
President Donald Trump told U.S. lawmakers on Tuesday he wants bipartisan cooperation on tax reform , as pressure on him to produce a legislative victory on any front escalated with the collapse of the latest

Prompt 1545:
A Trump administration lawyer on Tuesday urged a U.S. appeals court in Manhattan to rule that federal law does not ban discrimination against gay employees . The U.S. Department of Justice is supporting a New

Prompt 1546:
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday moved to force the Senate to vote later this week on the nomination of Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai to serve another five-year term . The

Prompt 1547:
U.S. Republican Senator Lamar Alexander said Tuesday that he would again consult with Democratic colleague Patty Murray on a bipartisan deal to repair Obamacare - a week after pulling out of those talks . Alexander

Prompt 1548:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday denounced football players who have protested racism by kneeling or locking arms during the playing of the national anthem before games , saying that even though their speech

Prompt 1549:
U.S. President Donald Trump told several lawmakers on Tuesday that he would work with Democrats in Congress to overhaul the nation ’ s healthcare system if Republicans fail to pass a measure to repeal and

Prompt 1550:
U.S. President Donald Trump ramped up his fight with the National Football League on Tuesday , calling on the league to ban players from kneeling in protest at games while the national anthem is played

Prompt 1551:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s criticisms of National Football League players kneeling in protest during the national anthem have not distracted him from other concerns , he told journalists on Tuesday . “ I

Prompt 1552:
Republican Senator Pat Roberts said on Tuesday that “ it would appear ” there will be no vote on the latest bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act , after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell

Prompt 1553:
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Tuesday said Congress would act to provide to the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico the same disaster relief following Hurricane Maria that had been granted to Texas and Florida

Prompt 1554:
Students and faculty at Georgetown Law School gathered on Tuesday to protest that U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions was delivering an address about the right of free speech on college campuses to an invitation-only audience

Prompt 1555:
Two National Football League teams largely steered clear of a controversy over national anthem protests that have ensnared U.S. President Donald Trump and threatened to damage the game ’ s popularity , staging a “

Prompt 1556:
Roger Stone , a longtime ally of President Donald Trump , refused to respond to one line of questioning from members of the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on Tuesday and could face a

Prompt 1557:
Frauke Petry , co-leader of the far-right Alternative for Germany , said on Tuesday she was leaving the party in a major blow to its credibility just two days after it surged to third place

Prompt 1558:
A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday threw out the conviction of former New York state Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos , citing a recent U.S. Supreme Court decision that narrowed the conduct that can sustain

Prompt 1559:
The U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee unanimously backed former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman to be President Donald Trump ’ s first ambassador to Russia on Tuesday , clearing the way for his likely approval by

Prompt 1560:
President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that a tax reform plan being discussed with lawmakers will cut taxes “ tremendously ” for the middle class , nearly double the standard deduction and try to make

Prompt 1561:
Mitch McConnell , the U.S. Senate ’ s top Republican , clung to slim hopes on Tuesday that his party could still dismantle Obamacare , despite not having adequate support for a repeal bill .

Prompt 1562:
U.S. House Republican Speaker Paul Ryan told journalists on Tuesday that athletes who protest during the national anthem have the right to do so , but that he believes such demonstrations should not take place

Prompt 1563:
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday said the U.S. debate on healthcare would continue , but said nothing about whether he would bring an Obamacare repeal bill to a vote . Opening the

Prompt 1564:
Former U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner was sentenced to 21 months in prison on Monday for sending sexually explicit messages to a 15-year-old girl , setting off a scandal that played a role in the 2016

Prompt 1565:
A coalition of supporters of self-driving cars said on Tuesday that it will run ads this week in social media and Washington newspapers , in an effort to convince the U.S. Congress to adopt sweeping

Prompt 1566:
A U.S. House of Representatives committee asked the White House on Monday for information about a media report that senior officials used private email accounts for government business . The request by the Republican and

Prompt 1567:
U.S. President Donald Trump will meet with Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha at the White House on Oct. 3 , the White House said in a statement . “ The President and Prime Minister will

Prompt 1568:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1569:
A report from Standard & Poor ’ s Global Ratings on Monday suggested that the latest proposed healthcare bill to overhaul Obamacare could hurt the U.S. economy , states and health insurers . The Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson

Prompt 1570:
An earlier version of a healthcare bill Republican leaders are trying to push through the U.S. Senate would save at least $ 133 billion over 10 years , Congress ’ nonpartisan budget agency said on

Prompt 1571:
The U.S. House of Representatives on Monday failed to approve a bill to allow the Federal Aviation Administration to continue to operate and a package of tax relief bills to aid hurricane victims after ranking

Prompt 1572:
The U.S. Senate on Monday confirmed William Emanuel , a veteran management-side labor lawyer , to the National Labor Relations Board , giving the agency a Republican majority widely expected to roll back recent decisions

Prompt 1573:
Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc ’ s Google have little choice but to rein in internet political ads in the face of growing U.S. government pressure , a panel of advertising consultants and executives said

Prompt 1574:
The Supreme Court signaled on Monday it may dismiss a challenge to President Donald Trump ’ s controversial travel ban after the White House announced tailored restrictions on eight countries that legal experts said stand

Prompt 1575:
Venezuela on Monday accused U.S. President Donald Trump of conducting “ political terrorism ” through travel restrictions on eight countries including the socialist-run South American nation , which is already at loggerheads with Washington .

Prompt 1576:
Conservative Republicans in Congress on Monday unveiled their ideas for what should happen to so-called ‘ Dreamer ’ immigrants when an Obama-era program expires in March , touting tougher restrictions than those proposed by Democrats

Prompt 1577:
A senior BlackRock Inc executive made a donation to an unsuccessful U.S. presidential candidate last year , an action that may prohibit the world ’ s largest asset manager from collecting some fees from a

Prompt 1578:
The mayor of Paterson , New Jersey , resigned on Monday , a city official said , after the mayor pleaded guilty last week to a state criminal conspiracy charge that he ordered city employees

Prompt 1579:
U.S . Senator Bill Cassidy said on Monday he still expects to be able to convince reluctant fellow Republican senators to support the revised bill that is the party ’ s latest effort to repeal

Prompt 1580:
President Donald Trump on Sunday slapped new travel restrictions on citizens from North Korea , Venezuela and Chad , expanding to eight the list of countries covered by his original travel bans that have been

Prompt 1581:
The Trump administration ’ s announcement on Sunday that it is issuing new travel restrictions on people entering the United States from eight countries could lead to an upcoming Supreme Court case on its previous

Prompt 1582:
President Donald Trump ’ s son-in-law and close adviser , Jared Kushner , has used a private email account alongside his official White House account to exchange messages with other administration officials , Politico reported

Prompt 1583:
A proposal by U.S. Republicans to repeal and replace the Obamacare health insurance program suffered serious new setbacks within the party on Sunday , when Senator Ted Cruz expressed his opposition and Senator Susan Collins

Prompt 1584:
President Donald Trump ’ s Middle East peace negotiator , Jason Greenblatt , is returning to Israel to “ continue the peace track ” after the president met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and

Prompt 1585:
Republican U.S . Senator Ted Cruz on Sunday said he opposes the latest version of a Senate attempt to repeal Obamacare , casting doubt on the healthcare bill ’ s chances of passage , Politico

Prompt 1586:
President Donald Trump renewed his spat with the sports world on Sunday , again calling for National Football League owners to fire players who protest during the U.S. national anthem . In an early morning

Prompt 1587:
Internet giants , including Alphabet ’ s Google ( GOOGL.O ) and Facebook ( FB.O ) , are moving to compromise on several major policy issues as they adjust to an abrupt shift in the

Prompt 1588:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday blasted Senator John McCain for dealing a possibly fatal blow to the latest Republican attempt to dismantle Obamacare . According to a new independent analysis , the bill awaiting

Prompt 1589:
A subtle diplomat like Talleyrand , Donald Trump is not . The U.S. president , in his first foray at the U.N. General Assembly , derided North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as a “

Prompt 1590:
Wisconsin , Ohio , California and 10 other states said on Friday they were among 21 states that Russian government hackers targeted in an effort to sway the 2016 presidential election in favor of Donald

Prompt 1591:
Russia urged “ hot heads ” to calm down on Friday as the United States admitted it felt “ challenged ” by North Korea ’ s warning that it could test a hydrogen bomb over

Prompt 1592:
China said on Saturday it will ban exports of some petroleum products to North Korea , as well as imports of textiles from the isolated North , to comply with a United Nations Security Council

Prompt 1593:
President Donald Trump injected himself into a bitter U.S. Senate primary fight in Alabama on Friday , putting to the test his ability to enlist his anti-establishment voters to come to the aid of an

Prompt 1594:
Japan talking only about sanctions on North Korea rather than dialogue will be seen as going against United Nations resolutions , Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his Japanese counterpart . Tensions have continued to

Prompt 1595:
U.S . Senator John McCain said on Friday he opposes the latest Republican bill to dismantle Obamacare , dealing the measure what could be a fatal blow given the party ’ s slim Senate majority

Prompt 1596:
The United States sees value in the New START arms control treaty with Russia , despite Washington ’ s concerns about Moscow ’ s track record on arms control and other issues , senior U.S.

Prompt 1597:
Protesters at Howard University chanted and booed on Friday through James Comey ’ s first public address since he testified to Congress about his firing by U.S. President Donald Trump , challenging the former FBI

Prompt 1598:
U.S. President Donald Trump and top Republicans in Congress are about to show how aggressively they intend to cut the corporate tax rate , while trying to avoid the appearance of favoring the wealthy .

Prompt 1599:
U.S . Senator Elizabeth Warren has lifted her hold on President Donald Trump ’ s pick to run the Justice Department ’ s Antitrust Division , a move that will allow the Senate to vote

Prompt 1600:
Court-ordered mediation aimed at ending a funding dispute between Minnesota ’ s Democratic governor and the Republican-controlled legislature ended on Friday with the mediator declaring an impasse . The Minnesota Supreme Court earlier this month

Prompt 1601:
President Donald Trump is considering a new order to replace his soon-to-expire travel ban on people from six Muslim-majority countries that would be tailored on a country-by-country basis to protect the United States from attacks

Prompt 1602:
Russia ’ s foreign minister said on Friday the leaders of North Korea and the United States should tone down their bellicose rhetoric and warned that a collapse of a nuclear deal between Iran and

Prompt 1603:
The top Republican tax law writer in the U.S. House of Representatives unveiled new tax legislation on Friday that he said would help people cope with hurricane devastation in Texas , Florida , the U.S.

Prompt 1604:
Facebook Inc ( FB.O ) on Thursday launched an overhaul of how it handles paid political advertisements , giving a concession to U.S. lawmakers who have threatened to regulate the world ’ s largest social

Prompt 1605:
The acting secretary of Homeland Security has notified President Donald Trump of countries that do not meet new U.S. vetting standards and has recommended “ tailored ” and “ tough ” restrictions on their citizens

Prompt 1606:
U.S . Senator John McCain said on Friday that he would vote against a new Republican bill to dismantle Obamacare if it is brought onto the Senate floor next week , in a new setback

Prompt 1607:
U.S. Health Secretary Tom Price ’ s use of private jets for government travel was under investigation on Friday after an internal watchdog agreed to review the issue following calls by Democrats for a probe

Prompt 1608:
Officials from the Department of Homeland Security , White House , State Department and Justice Department will hold a briefing on Friday afternoon to discuss “ enhanced global security measures , ” the DHS said

Prompt 1609:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1610:
Republican leaders sought to nail down the final votes needed to pass what U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Thursday called their “ last best chance ” to repeal Obamacare while a new analysis underscored

Prompt 1611:
Republican Senator Susan Collins has said she is “ leaning against ” the latest Republican healthcare bill , the Associated Press reported on Friday . The Maine senator indicated she had major concerns with the

Prompt 1612:
Former Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole , 94 , has been hospitalized since last week due to low blood pressure , his spokeswoman said on Friday . The former Senate majority leader was admitted to

Prompt 1613:
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has confused a lot of English-speakers - though this time not about what he intends with his nuclear program . Responding to U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s bellicose

Prompt 1614:
U.S. President Donald Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-in agreed to strengthen their defense posture amid rising tensions with North Korea , the White House said on Friday . Trump and Moon , who

Prompt 1615:
Detonating a nuclear-tipped missile over the Pacific Ocean would be a logical final step by North Korea to prove the success of its weapons program but would be extremely provocative and carry huge risks ,

Prompt 1616:
It would be a “ game-changer ” if North Korea conducts a hydrogen bomb test over the Pacific and the United States is taking the threat seriously , but it does not give “ too

Prompt 1617:
Expanded negotiations against North Korea announced on Thursday would “ be very ” good if they succeed in cutting off imported goods , and showed lessening support from China toward Pyongyang , U.S. Commerce Secretary

Prompt 1618:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday acknowledged that escalating tensions with North Korea were challenging but said diplomatic efforts will continue amid harsh rhetoric and threats of military confrontation . “ We are

Prompt 1619:
North Korea ’ s Kim Jong Un “ will be tested like never before , ” U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday as the two leaders continued to trade insults and Pyongyang threatened to

Prompt 1620:
Moscow is deeply concerned by the escalation of tension on the Korean peninsula caused by the continued war of words between the United States and North Korea , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Friday

Prompt 1621:
Russia did not place adverts on Facebook Inc to try to influence the 2016 U.S. Presidential election , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Friday . U.S. lawmakers have urged the Federal Election Commission to

Prompt 1622:
The U.S. Navy carrier Ronald Reagan is conducting drills with Japanese warships in seas south of the Korean peninsula , Japan ’ s military said on Friday , in a show of naval power as

Prompt 1623:
China ’ s Foreign Minister Wang Yi urged North Korea to stop persisting on a dangerous course and called on the United States to stick to promises of non-aggression towards Pyongyang , according to a

Prompt 1624:
China called on all parties on Friday to exercise restraint after North Korea ’ s foreign minister was quoted as saying he believes the North could consider conducting a hydrogen bomb test in the Pacific

Prompt 1625:
France ’ s Winter Olympics team will not travel to the 2018 Games in South Korea if its security can not be guaranteed , France ’ s sports minister said on Thursday , the first

Prompt 1626:
U.S. President Donald Trump is due to travel to Alabama on Friday to whip up votes in a Senate race that has laid bare the rift between the Republican party ’ s leadership and its

Prompt 1627:
Japan ’ s Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said on Friday that North Korea ’ s remarks and behavior were “ absolutely unacceptable ” and provocative to regional and international security . Suga was speaking

Prompt 1628:
The Trump administration is preparing to relax Obama-era rules on drone strikes and commando raids , paving the way for more frequent operations against Islamic State and other militant groups , the New York Times

Prompt 1629:
The head of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee has asked the FBI whether it warned Donald Trump ’ s presidential campaign about alleged attempts by Russia to infiltrate the campaign . Republican Senator Chuck Grassley

Prompt 1630:
North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho said on Friday he believes the North could consider a hydrogen bomb test on the Pacific Ocean of an unprecedented scale , South Korea ’ s Yonhap news

Prompt 1631:
North Korea ’ s leader Kim Jong Un said on Friday the North will consider the “ highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history ” against the United States in response to U.S. President Donald

Prompt 1632:
The pursuit of nuclear weapons will not bring security for North Korea ’ s government and China ’ s assistance is vital to bringing Pyongyang ’ s atomic and missile programs under control , U.S.

Prompt 1633:
China ’ s foreign minister on Thursday called on North Korea not to go further in a “ dangerous direction ” with its nuclear program and said negotiations were the only way out of the

Prompt 1634:
A U.S. judge on Thursday said he wanted to decide quickly lawsuits challenging the Trump administration ’ s decision to end a program that shielded from deportation children brought to the United States illegally by

Prompt 1635:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday that banks doing business in North Korea would not be allowed to also operate in the United States under a new sanctions order aimed at thwarting Pyongyang

Prompt 1636:
EU ambassadors have reached an initial agreement to impose more economic sanctions on North Korea , going beyond the latest round of UN measures , officials and diplomats said on Thursday . “ Today the

Prompt 1637:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday he had signed an executive order that would allow the United States to ramp up sanctions on North Korean firms in an effort to dissuade Pyongyang from pursuing

Prompt 1638:
President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States was making progress on the North Korean issue , ahead of an expected sanctions announcement by Washington over Pyongyang ’ s ballistic and nuclear weapons program

Prompt 1639:
President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would be adding more sanctions on North Korea . Tensions have escalated in recent weeks over Pyongyang ’ s missile and nuclear weapons program , despite

Prompt 1640:
Senate Republicans announced plans to vote next week on their latest bid to scuttle Obamacare even as a popular comedian who has become part of the U.S. healthcare debate denounced the bill and former President

Prompt 1641:
Lisa De Vanna once had to wash her sports bras in the sinks of cheap hotels to save money but the footballer is now relishing the good times as a surge of investment transforms women

Prompt 1642:
Twitter Inc representatives will meet with the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence staff next week in relation to inquiries into the 2016 U.S. presidential election , a company representative said . The committee ,

Prompt 1643:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1644:
Several Democratic members of the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives asked on Wednesday for an investigation into a report that Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price used private jets to travel on government

Prompt 1645:
The special counsel investigating Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election has asked the White House for documents on a range of subjects including President Donald Trump ’ s firing of the FBI director and

Prompt 1646:
Former President Barack Obama used a rare public appearance on Wednesday to question Republicans ’ latest effort to repeal his signature healthcare law , saying it would inflict “ real human suffering ” on Americans

Prompt 1647:
Paul Manafort , President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager , offered to provide briefings to a Russian billionaire with close ties to the Kremlin on the status of the 2016 U.S. presidential election

Prompt 1648:
President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he thought the latest effort to repeal and replace Obamacare had a “ very good chance ” of passing and said the U.S. Senate eventually would be forced to

Prompt 1649:
Democratic U.S. lawmakers on Wednesday urged the Federal Election Commission to require transparency for social media advertising after Russians bought U.S. political ads on Facebook Inc ( FB.O ) in an alleged attempt to influence

Prompt 1650:
California filed a lawsuit on Wednesday over the Trump administration ’ s plan to construct a wall along the border with Mexico , adding to the obstacles facing one of the Republican president ’ s

Prompt 1651:
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell plans to bring his party ’ s latest legislative effort to replace Obamacare up for a vote in the Senate next week , a number of media outlets reported on

Prompt 1652:
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said on Wednesday the Senate would take up the Obamacare replacement bill he co-sponsored next week , an NBC reporter said on Twitter . The reporter said Senate Republican leader Mitch

Prompt 1653:
Wal-Mart Stores Inc , Target Corp and PepsiCo Inc on Wednesday joined an expanded group of nearly 800 companies calling in a letter for U.S. legislation to protect immigrants brought into the country illegally by

Prompt 1654:
U.S. House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said on Wednesday that supporting undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as children , the so-called “ Dreamers , ” was a “ first step ”

Prompt 1655:
The Trump administration may abandon its promise to repeal the U.S. estate tax on inherited assets in an effort to make a still-evolving Republican tax cut framework more politically feasible , according to sources familiar

Prompt 1656:
U.S. Senate Republicans have reached a tentative budget deal that could allow tax reform legislation to eliminate as much as $ 1.5 trillion in revenues over 10 years through tax cuts , raising the odds

Prompt 1657:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1658:
Television talk show host Jimmy Kimmel called out a Republican U.S. senator pushing the party ’ s latest healthcare overhaul plan , saying the lawmaker had “ lied right to my face ” about efforts

Prompt 1659:
Special Counsel Robert Mueller ’ s office has interviewed U.S. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about President Donald Trump ’ s firing of former FBI Director James Comey , the Wall Street Journal reported on

Prompt 1660:
U.S. Republican Senator Pat Toomey and Bob Corker , both members of the Budget Committee , said on Tuesday they had reached an agreement on a budget resolution that would allow for tax cuts over

Prompt 1661:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions stepped up the Trump administration ’ s critique of so-called sanctuary cities on Tuesday , saying local and state policies to limit cooperation with immigration enforcement are a criminal ’

Prompt 1662:
U.S. President Donald Trump is using money donated to his re-election campaign and the Republican National Committee to pay for his lawyers in the probe of alleged Russian interference in the U.S. election , two

Prompt 1663:
The Trump administration and top U.S. Senate Republicans pushed on Tuesday for action on a bill to dismantle Obamacare , but time was running out and they were still hunting for the votes needed to

Prompt 1664:
U.S. Senate Republicans are making one last attempt to overhaul Obamacare before a special parliamentary procedure allowing the bill to pass with a simple majority expires at the end of this month . The latest

Prompt 1665:
U.S. Republican Senator Lamar Alexander said on Tuesday that he had failed to reach an agreement with Democrats on a bipartisan effort to stabilize Obamacare insurance markets . In a statement , Alexander said he

Prompt 1666:
U.S. Democratic Senator Patty Murray said Tuesday she thought a bipartisan deal to repair Obamacare was still possible , despite the announcement by her negotiating partner , Republican Senator Lamar Alexander , that they had

Prompt 1667:
Paul Manafort , President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager , lashed out on Tuesday at reports he was wiretapped by federal authorities , and his spokesman sent out a statement demanding a leaks

Prompt 1668:
A U.S. Senate panel probing alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election abruptly canceled an interview with President Donald Trump ’ s lawyer Michael Cohen on Tuesday after he issued a statement about his testimony

Prompt 1669:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s lawyer on Tuesday denied that he or Trump colluded with Russia to interfere in last year ’ s presidential election , and said such charges were meant to discredit

Prompt 1670:
Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren said on Tuesday that Equifax was sloppy in allowing itself to be hacked , losing sensitive data on up to 143 million people . “ People are outraged , and rightfully

Prompt 1671:
Former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman , President Donald Trump ’ s nominee to be ambassador to Russia , said on Tuesday there was “ no question ” Moscow meddled in the 2016 U.S. election ,

Prompt 1672:
The U.S. Senate ’ s top Republican on tax policy said on Tuesday that allowing U.S. corporations to deduct dividend payments to shareholders from federal income tax could overcome problems facing Republican efforts to overhaul

Prompt 1673:
David Stemerman is winding down his hedge fund firm to explore a run for governor of Connecticut , according to a letter sent to clients of Conatus Capital Management LP on Tuesday . “ Connecticut

Prompt 1674:
The Republican-controlled U.S. Senate on Tuesday confirmed President Donald Trump ’ s nominee to serve as his administration ’ s top advocate before the U.S. Supreme Court , overcoming united Democratic opposition . Noel Francisco

Prompt 1675:
A national association of U.S. venture capitalists filed suit against the Trump administration on Tuesday , claiming it illegally delayed a policy that would have allowed foreign entrepreneurs to stay in the United States to

Prompt 1676:
Sebastian Gorka , a former adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump who quit after top White House political strategist Steve Bannon was ousted , has joined a nationalist pro-Trump campaign organization , the group announced

Prompt 1677:
The United States , Britain and other countries opposed to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will not support the reconstruction of the country until there is a political transition “ away from Assad , ” British

Prompt 1678:
U.S. President Donald Trump criticized the United Nations for bloated bureaucracy and mismanagement on his first visit on Monday to U.N. headquarters , calling for “ truly bold reforms ” so it could be a

Prompt 1679:
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said on Monday that he wants credit-reporting firms to comply with the state ’ s cyber-security regulations , the latest government official to crack down on the industry in the

Prompt 1680:
France made a new plea on Monday for the United States to preserve the 2015 Iran nuclear deal and suggested its provisions expiring after a decade could be strengthened , as U.S. President Donald Trump

Prompt 1681:
North Korea ’ s nuclear threat looms large this week over the annual gathering of world leaders at the United Nations in New York , where diplomats are eager to hear U.S. President Donald Trump

Prompt 1682:
Democratic leaders in the U.S. Congress on Monday demanded that lawmakers wait to find out the budgetary and healthcare impacts of a new , last-ditch legislative effort by Republicans to repeal Obamacare before voting on

Prompt 1683:
A powerful U.S. Senate committee will hold a hearing on the latest proposed healthcare bill to overhaul Obamacare next week , the first public hearing all year on any Republican effort to gut the healthcare

Prompt 1684:
U.S. investigators wiretapped former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort under secret court orders before and after the 2016 election , CNN reported on Monday . The New York Times , citing two people close to

Prompt 1685:
The U.S. Senate passed its version of a $ 700 billion defense policy bill on Monday , backing President Donald Trump ’ s call for a bigger , stronger military but setting the stage for

Prompt 1686:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday that he was working to see if there was a link between a spate of recent military accidents and budget caps , but said he could not

Prompt 1687:
Three Democratic lawmakers want the U.S. communications watchdog to investigate whether the Russian government-funded radio station and news site Sputnik violated government regulations by broadcasting programs aimed at influencing U.S. policies and elections . Sputnik

Prompt 1688:
The U.S. Justice Department on Monday said it would appeal a court order blocking President Donald Trump ’ s executive order that sought to restrict federal funds for so-called sanctuary cities . U.S. District Judge

Prompt 1689:
U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Monday his party would look at “ every single option ” to halt a last-ditch effort by Republicans to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama ’

Prompt 1690:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Monday the United States would send over 3,000 troops to Afghanistan and that most were either on their way or had been notified of their deployment . “

Prompt 1691:
The U.S. Congressional Budget Office said on Monday it will not be able to provide specific estimates of the impact on insurance coverage or premiums in a preliminary assessment of a Republican healthcare bill it

Prompt 1692:
Democratic leaders in Congress on Monday called for the Congressional Budget Office to conduct a full analysis of Republicans ’ latest healthcare bill aimed at repealing and replacing Obamacare , not just a slimmer budgetary

Prompt 1693:
Lobbyists and Republican lawmakers are gearing up for battle over a new U.S. regulation that is likely to dent profits in the $ 6 billion short-term , high-interest “ payday ” loan industry . The

Prompt 1694:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1695:
When President Donald Trump takes the world stage at the United Nations for the first time this week , he will share the spotlight with his envoy Nikki Haley , who has emerged as the

Prompt 1696:
Relatives of former national security adviser Michael Flynn have set up a fund to help pay for his legal defense against federal and congressional investigations into potential collusion between Donald Trump ’ s presidential campaign

Prompt 1697:
San Diego attorney Dulce Garcia has regularly defended clients in immigration court . Now , she is the one seeking legal relief . Brought to the United States illegally by her parents as a child

Prompt 1698:
The Emmy awards show was peppered with political jokes and pointed speeches on Sunday , as host Stephen Colbert took shots at U.S. President Donald Trump , Sean Spicer made a surprise appearance and Trump

Prompt 1699:
It is a political practice nearly as old as the United States - manipulating the boundaries of legislative districts to help one party tighten its grip on power in a move called partisan gerrymandering -

Prompt 1700:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson discussed cooperation on the Syrian crisis , Middle East issues , and the agreement to bring peace to Ukraine in a meeting on

Prompt 1701:
Michael Cohen , one of President Donald Trump ’ s closest business advisers , said on Sunday he would testify on Tuesday to the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee , as the panel investigates alleged Russian

Prompt 1702:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov will meet in New York on Sunday on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly , the U.S. State Department said in

Prompt 1703:
New York police and a host of federal agencies are preparing for the annual traffic and security nightmare known as the United Nations General Assembly , featuring a week of speeches by U.S. President Donald

Prompt 1704:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday retweeted a doctored video of himself taking a golf swing and hitting former Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton , who then stumbles as she boards a plane . Clinton

Prompt 1705:
California lawmakers voted to become a sanctuary state , tussled over hot-button environmental issues and urged other states to refuse to cooperate with President Donald Trump ’ s Election Integrity Commission as their legislative year

Prompt 1706:
California lawmakers voted on Saturday to make the most populous U.S. state a so-called sanctuary by banning police from asking for the immigration status of people who have been arrested and limiting their cooperation with

Prompt 1707:
A long-shot plan to wean California ’ s power sector entirely off fossil fuels by 2045 was put on hold until 2018 on Saturday , as lawmakers recessed for the year without hearing the measure

Prompt 1708:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday pushed back against efforts to rein in his administration ’ s ban on people entering the United States from six Muslim-majority countries that also limits refugees , saying the

Prompt 1709:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1710:
State Department officials briefed Senate staff on Friday on plans to cut up to $ 10 billion from the department ’ s budget over five years , but offered few specifics to ease concerns that

Prompt 1711:
Distancing himself from political tensions over issues like the border wall , U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said he aimed to build trust and show respect for Mexico during a trip there on Friday that

Prompt 1712:
Equifax said on Friday that it made changes in its top management as part of its review of a massive data breach , with two technology and security executives leaving the company “ effective immediately.

Prompt 1713:
Five Republican senators called on Friday for Washington to retaliate for an alleged sonic attack , inaudible to some human ears , on U.S. personnel in Cuba by expelling Cuban diplomats and possibly closing the

Prompt 1714:
President Donald Trump will pummel foes and embrace friends in his first speech to the United Nations General Assembly next week , keeping pressure on Washington ’ s adversaries North Korea and Iran , U.S

Prompt 1715:
U.S. President Donald Trump will hold a series of meetings with world leaders on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly meeting next week in New York , the White House said on Friday .

Prompt 1716:
President Donald Trump will take his “ America First ” message to the United Nations next week and seek support for tough measures against North Korea despite his skepticism about the value of international groups

Prompt 1717:
Connecticut ’ s attorney general , and others investigating Equifax Inc ’ s ( EFX.N ) data breach , which affected some 143 million people , asked the company on Friday to disable links to

Prompt 1718:
The spokesman for President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort testified before a federal grand jury on Friday in special counsel Robert Mueller ’ s investigation into possible collusion between Trump ’

Prompt 1719:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday said so-called “ chain migration , ” a term often used to refer to citizens or permanent residents sponsoring relatives or the clustering of certain immigrants in the same

Prompt 1720:
The head of the Senate Finance Committee said on Friday he doubted negotiators trying to craft a tax reform bill could reach President Donald Trump ’ s goal of dropping the U.S. corporate tax rate

Prompt 1721:
U.S. President Donald Trump is nominating U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions ’ top aide to serve as Assistant Attorney General for the Department of Justice ’ s Civil Division , the White House said in

Prompt 1722:
As President Donald Trump bowed his head in the Oval Office earlier this month , Texas Southern Baptist Pastor Robert Jeffress and other U.S. religious leaders laid their hands on Trump ’ s back and

Prompt 1723:
President Donald Trump said on Thursday he was close to a deal with Democratic congressional leaders on protections for illegal immigrants brought to the United States as children , astounding fellow Republicans again while alarming

Prompt 1724:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1725:
Republican efforts to unite the White House , Senate and House of Representatives behind a single tax reform plan appeared to be unraveling on Thursday , when one of the “ Big Six ” negotiators

Prompt 1726:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday that the Trump administration ’ s upcoming tax plan will not be aimed at lowering income taxes for the wealthiest Americans . “ ” We are looking

Prompt 1727:
President Donald Trump on Thursday stood by his belief that both sides were to blame for violence in Charlottesville , Virginia , between white supremacists and counterprotesters last month . Trump had drawn criticism for

Prompt 1728:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1729:
A U.S. judge on Thursday repeatedly pressed the Trump administration to extend an October deadline for some immigrants to reapply for a program that shielded children brought to the United States illegally by their parents

Prompt 1730:
U.S. President Donald Trump rang Mexican leader Enrique Pena Nieto to express condolences over last week ’ s earthquake , and said he was confident the U.S. Congress would find a solution for the Dreamers

Prompt 1731:
The United States on Thursday extended some sanctions relief for Iran under the 2015 nuclear deal but said it has yet to decide whether to preserve the deal itself , the State Department said .

Prompt 1732:
The top Republican tax law writer in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Thursday that he does not expect an upcoming tax reform framework to contain specific numbers on income tax rates for corporations

Prompt 1733:
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Thursday that the United States was seeking to add a five-year sunset provision to the North American Free Trade Agreement to provide a regular , “ systematic re-examination

Prompt 1734:
Roger Stone , a longtime ally of President Donald Trump , said on Thursday he had agreed to testify in a closed hearing to the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee in its investigation of possible

Prompt 1735:
The U.S. Justice Department is reviewing its policies over how it prosecutes corporate white collar crimes and may be making some changes “ in the near future , ” Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said

Prompt 1736:
U.S. House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said she trusted President Donald Trump ’ s sincerity in working to protect so-called Dreamers brought to this country illegally and that the effort to shield this

Prompt 1737:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that any possible deal on immigration with Democrats would have to include provisions for massive border security , and that his planned wall along the border with the

Prompt 1738:
U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Thursday the DACA program for people who arrived in the country illegally as children should be part of a larger discussion on border security and Congress would

Prompt 1739:
The U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday passed a $ 1.2 trillion bill to fund most government activities in the fiscal year beginning Oct. 1 , knowing the Senate will disagree with many controversial elements

Prompt 1740:
A top U.S. Senate Republican said on Thursday Congress should considering ending the three-decade old federal subsidy for telephones and internet access for low-income Americans after a government audit found significant fraud . Senator Ron

Prompt 1741:
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross will lead a trade mission to China in mid-November as part of President Donald Trump ’ s first visit there , the Commerce Department said in a notice posted on

Prompt 1742:
Colombia on Thursday defended its anti-narcotics efforts after U.S. President Donald Trump said he considered downgrading the country in a White House assessment because of an uptick in the cultivation of coca , the base

Prompt 1743:
About 70 feet ( 21 m ) below ground , in a shielded military capsule that can launch nuclear missiles , 23-year-old 2nd Lieutenant Tia Hewuse is concerned that Americans have the mistaken impression that

Prompt 1744:
President Donald Trump and Democratic leaders in the U.S. Congress have agreed to work together on legislation to protect “ Dreamers , ” the illegal immigrants who were children when they entered the United States

Prompt 1745:
President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that taxes on rich Americans might rise , as he pursues a tax code overhaul and reaches out to both Democrats and Republicans in a push to win support

Prompt 1746:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1747:
Fresh off striking a budget deal with Democrats , Donald Trump is toning down his rhetoric and looking to cut deals on such American hot-button issues as immigration and tax reform in search of a

Prompt 1748:
U.S. senators unveiled two opposing visions of a healthcare system in the United States on Wednesday - leading liberals advocating government insurance for all and several Republicans proposing an eleventh-hour repeal of Obamacare to replace

Prompt 1749:
Whether or not Richard Cordray stays as head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) until his term ends in July , the agency ’ s ability to rein in Wall Street will

Prompt 1750:
U.S. President Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress would have a hard time slashing the corporate tax rate to below 26 percent , even if they eliminated nearly every business tax preference , according to

Prompt 1751:
Two high-ranking Democrats in the U.S. Senate asked the Trump administration on Wednesday to provide information on any plans to cut refugee admissions to historically low levels , saying Congress had not yet been consulted

Prompt 1752:
The U.S. Senate rejected an amendment on Wednesday that would have forced the repeal of war resolutions used as the legal basis for U.S. military actions in Iraq , Afghanistan and against extremists in Syria

Prompt 1753:
Two Democratic senators said on Wednesday they may hold up the confirmation of President Donald Trump ’ s Environmental Protection Agency nominee Susan Bodine until she explains her advisory role at the agency , which

Prompt 1754:
The top Democrat on the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee said on Wednesday that representatives of Facebook Inc ( FB.O ) and Twitter Inc ( TWTR.N ) should appear before the panel to discuss

Prompt 1755:
The U.S. State Department on Wednesday will stop issuing certain kinds of visas to some citizens of Cambodia , Eritrea , Guinea and Sierra Leone because the nations are not taking back their citizens the

Prompt 1756:
Democratic lawmakers are investigating whether retired U.S. General Michael Flynn secretly promoted a U.S.-Russian project to build dozens of nuclear reactors in the Middle East after becoming President Donald Trump ’ s first national security

Prompt 1757:
President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that under his tax reform plan , wealthy Americans would not gain and might have to pay higher taxes . Meeting with a bipartisan group of lawmakers at the

Prompt 1758:
U.S. President Donald Trump will host Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer and House of Representatives ’ top Democrat Nancy Pelosi on Wednesday night to discuss tax reform and other items on the legislative agenda ,

Prompt 1759:
President Donald Trump applauded two Republican U.S. senators for introducing a healthcare reform bill on Wednesday that would repeal and replace former President Barack Obama ’ s signature health insurance program , the White House

Prompt 1760:
Pete Domenici , a former minor league baseball pitcher who became a major league power player in the U.S. Senate on energy and budget issues and New Mexico ’ s longest-serving senator , died on

Prompt 1761:
The son of U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s former national security adviser Michael Flynn is being investigated as part of the ongoing federal probe into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election ,

Prompt 1762:
The Trump administration has engaged in an unconstitutional practice of searching without a warrant the phones and laptops of Americans who are stopped at the border , a lawsuit filed on Wednesday alleged . Ten

Prompt 1763:
Republican Ted Cruz , a key conservative in the U.S. Senate , on Wednesday said tax reform should slash the corporate income tax rate to 15-20 percent from the current 35 percent rate , substantially

Prompt 1764:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday he did not think people brought to the United States illegally as children should be deported but fixing a program that shields them must be

Prompt 1765:
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Wednesday left the door open on whether Republicans ’ tax overhaul would increase the nation ’ s deficit or follow Republicans ’ long-standing principle that the cost of any

Prompt 1766:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1767:
U.S. President Donald Trump invited Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi to dine with him on Wednesday night , Democratic sources familiar with the situation said . The two Democratic

Prompt 1768:
U.S. congressional leaders and White House officials will release a document during the week of Sept. 25 outlining the framework for tax reform , a congressional source said on Wednesday . Afterward , the goal

Prompt 1769:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday he was confident President Donald Trump would push for conservative tax reform and that an outline of a plan to be presented next week reflects

Prompt 1770:
The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday allowed President Donald Trump to broadly implement a ban on refugees entering the country from around the world . The justices granted a request from the Trump administration to

Prompt 1771:
The U.S. Congress passed a resolution late on Tuesday calling on President Donald Trump to condemn hate groups after Trump was criticized for his response to the violence at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville

Prompt 1772:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin cast doubt on President Donald Trump ’ s chances of cutting the corporate tax rate to 15 percent , while Trump met with six senators including three Democrats who set

Prompt 1773:
U.S. President Donald Trump is likely to make a stop in China in November during his first official visit to Asia , a U.S. official said on Tuesday , a trip that will come amid

Prompt 1774:
Leaders of the U.S. Senate Finance Committee said on Tuesday they reached an agreement to finance a federal insurance program for millions of lower-income children and pregnant women that was due to expire at the

Prompt 1775:
An ideologically divided U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday handed a win to Republicans in Texas by putting on hold rulings that said electoral districts drawn by state lawmakers discriminated against minority voters . On a

Prompt 1776:
Thirty-six U.S. senators on Tuesday called on federal authorities to investigate the sale of nearly $ 2 million in shares of credit bureau Equifax Inc by company executives after a massive data breach , and

Prompt 1777:
The U.S. Congress was wrestling with healthcare again on Tuesday , as lawmakers from both parties considered some approaches beyond simply repealing and replacing Obamacare . The widened healthcare discussion appeared unlikely to yield dramatic

Prompt 1778:
The U.S . Marshals Service , the law enforcement arm of the federal judicial system , wastes money from a government asset forfeiture fund and spends it improperly , a senior U.S. senator charged on

Prompt 1779:
Moscow does not want to escalate the situation around U.S. diplomats in Russia , Russian news agencies cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying on Tuesday after talks with U.S . Undersecretary of

Prompt 1780:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson believes the diplomatic tiff between Russia and the United States should not be escalated further and hopes the two countries can begin working to improve ties , a State

Prompt 1781:
Tax-policy writers in the U.S. House of Representatives are considering legislation to bring tax relief to businesses and individuals affected by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma , the top House lawmaker on tax issues said on

Prompt 1782:
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell voiced doubt on Tuesday that the U.S. debt ceiling would be eliminated permanently , an idea floated by Democrats and embraced by Republican President Donald Trump last week . “

Prompt 1783:
Frustrated U.S. lawmakers called on Tuesday for a high-powered response to North Korea ’ s nuclear tests , saying Washington should act alone if necessary to stiffen sanctions on companies from China , Russia and

Prompt 1784:
Investor Carl Icahn never wielded excessive influence on U.S. biofuels policy while acting as President Donald Trump ’ s adviser on regulation , the head of the Environmental Protection Agency said in a letter to

Prompt 1785:
A Democratic member of President Donald Trump ’ s commission to investigate possible voter fraud defended his participation on the panel on Tuesday while warning that its mission is being threatened by “ extreme partisanship.

Prompt 1786:
U.S. President Donald Trump will not necessarily insist on including funding for a border wall with Mexico in legislation to address protections for children brought to the United States illegally , a senior aide said

Prompt 1787:
The U.S. State Department has approved the possible sale to Canada of 18 fighter jets and other weapons worth an estimated $ 5.23 billion , a Pentagon agency said in a statement on Tuesday .

Prompt 1788:
Moscow-based cyber security firm Kaspersky Lab said on Tuesday it is considering making changes to its subsidiary that sells products to the U.S. government , at a time when the company is facing allegations that

Prompt 1789:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he and Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak are discussing large trade pacts and a deal involving Boeing jets and praised the Malaysian leader ’ s efforts in the

Prompt 1790:
The city of Chicago asked a federal judge on Monday to bar President Donald Trump ’ s Justice Department from denying public-safety grants to so-called sanctuary cities that limit cooperation with a federal immigration crackdown

Prompt 1791:
A 15 percent corporate tax rate backed by President Donald Trump may not be possible , but businesses will see a “ competitive ” rate as Republicans push their tax reform plan through Congress ,

Prompt 1792:
Two key U.S. senators on Monday asked Equifax Inc ( EFX.N ) to answer detailed questions about a breach of information affecting up to 143 million Americans , including whether U.S. government agency records were

Prompt 1793:
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy on Monday provided a temporary reprieve for President Trump ’ s order blocking most refugees from entering the United States , putting on hold a lower court ’ s

Prompt 1794:
Republican infighting over the fate of immigrants brought illegally to the United States as children could be so vitriolic that the party loses control of the U.S. House of Representatives next year , Steve Bannon

Prompt 1795:
The U.S. Justice Department on Monday said a criminal conviction against ex-Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio should be dismissed as moot in the wake of a controversial pardon from President Donald Trump , according to a

Prompt 1796:
U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao will unveil on Tuesday streamlined safety guidelines for automakers that want to deploy self-driving vehicles , a person briefed on the matter said Monday , as members of Congress push

Prompt 1797:
U.S . Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee , the influential Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said on Monday he had not yet decided whether he would run for re-election to a

Prompt 1798:
A U.S. Republican senator involved in U.S. tax reform negotiations said on Monday that he expects to share the Trump tax reform plan with other lawmakers after holding hearings on overhauling the tax code .

Prompt 1799:
The U.S. Senate may vote as soon as Tuesday on a bipartisan proposal that would make it easier to penalize operators of websites that facilitate online sex trafficking , according to four sources familiar with

Prompt 1800:
Republican lawmaker Devin Nunes ’ investigation into whether Obama administration officials used classified intelligence reports to discredit Donald Trump ’ s 2016 campaign team could backfire on the congressman - and the president , sources

Prompt 1801:
Pope Francis said he hoped U.S. President Donald Trump would re-think his decision to end a program protecting undocumented immigrant children , saying it was important for young people to have roots . “ One

Prompt 1802:
The top U.N. human rights official voiced concern on Monday at the Trump administration ’ s decision to end the DACA program for immigrants who arrived illegally as children and urged the U.S. Congress to

Prompt 1803:
Mexico ’ s Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray will travel to the United States this week to meet with local leaders and beneficiaries of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , the ministry said on

Prompt 1804:
U.S. President Donald Trump called Hurricane Irma “ some big monster ” as it battered the Florida coast , saying he wanted to go to the state very soon and praising emergency officials for their

Prompt 1805:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Sunday that President Donald Trump had directed full federal resources to help with Hurricane Irma at it batters the Florida coast and that his latest briefing on the

Prompt 1806:
U.S. Representative Jim Jordan , a leading House conservative , said on Sunday that fellow conservatives are not discussing replacing Speaker Paul Ryan despite unhappiness with the way Republican leaders handled last week ’ s

Prompt 1807:
U.S . Senator John McCain , who recently returned to Washington after treatment for brain cancer , said on Sunday the disease is vicious but that the treatment is going well and he has more

Prompt 1808:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Saturday that he will ask the Republican-controlled Congress to further speed up its efforts to overhaul the U.S. tax code , citing the potential impact of Hurricane Irma as

Prompt 1809:
President Donald Trump said on Friday that churches in Texas should be able to receive money from the Federal Emergency Management Agency for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey . Trump tweeted : “ Churches in

Prompt 1810:
A former top security official who helped put in place a program protecting people brought to the United States illegally as children , is suing the Trump White House as head of the University of

Prompt 1811:
Days after President Donald Trump ’ s decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program , Mayara Pena still has a lot of unanswered questions . One of them is about her cars

Prompt 1812:
President Donald Trump signed a bill on Friday extending the government debt limit for three months and providing about $ 15 billion in hurricane-related aid , bringing his surprising deal with Democratic congressional leaders this

Prompt 1813:
A powerful Senate committee blasted the Trump administration on Friday in a report accompanying its spending plan for the State Department , saying its approach to foreign policy weakens U.S. standing in the world .

Prompt 1814:
U.S. Republican party lawmakers warned on Friday that President Donald Trump ’ s legislative deal with Democrats to help hurricane victims and keep the government running for another three months could complicate his next big

Prompt 1815:
U.S. President Donald Trump urged fellow Republicans on Friday to begin work on tax reform legislation immediately , exhorting them to hurry up after two days in which he stunned members of his party with

Prompt 1816:
The U.S. government on Friday said it was temporarily waiving a law that limits the availability of cargoes on the U.S. coasts , a step that will ensure enough fuel reaches emergency responders during Hurricane

Prompt 1817:
Russia ’ s newly installed ambassador to Washington said on Friday that he had a warm and constructive meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump , Russian news agencies reported . “ I was received by

Prompt 1818:
President Donald Trump is likely to continue to reach for bipartisan compromise on legislation , something he promised during the 2016 presidential campaign and that the American people expect , the White House said on

Prompt 1819:
JPMorgan Chase & Co ( JPM.N ) Chief Executive Jamie Dimon is starting to look like Corporate America ’ s shadow president . The 61-year-old banker has made more than a dozen trips to Washington

Prompt 1820:
Jamie Selway , the leading candidate to head the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ’ s Division of Trading and Markets , has withdrawn his name from consideration , according to a person with direct

Prompt 1821:
The U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee passed a spending bill on Thursday evening that includes $ 10 million to help fund the United Nations ’ climate change body that oversees the Paris Climate Agreement , despite

Prompt 1822:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1823:
A newly fraying relationship between U.S. President Donald Trump and top White House economic adviser Gary Cohn has raised questions about how long Cohn will stay in his job , say two people with close

Prompt 1824:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1825:
No . 2 Senate Democrat Dick Durbin has had multiple conversations with Jared Kushner and other top White House officials about how to protect young immigrants known as “ Dreamers ” from deportation , the

Prompt 1826:
U.S. Representative Charlie Dent , a seven-term moderate Republican from Pennsylvania who has been a frequent critic of President Donald Trump , said on Thursday he would not seek re-election next year . Dent ,

Prompt 1827:
The U.S. consumer financial watchdog on Thursday attempted to repel a Trump-administration attack on former President Barack Obama ’ s sweeping student loan reforms and defended itself against Republican attempts to weaken its powers .

Prompt 1828:
President Donald Trump ’ s eldest son told Senate investigators on Thursday that he had set up a June 2016 meeting with a Russian lawyer because she might have had damaging information about Democratic presidential

Prompt 1829:
A U.S. appeals court on Thursday rejected the Trump administration ’ s effort to temporarily bar most refugees from entering the country , ruling that those who have relationships with a resettlement agency should be

Prompt 1830:
U.S. legislation may be needed to require social media companies to disclose more about how their platforms are used for political advertising , a senior Democratic lawmaker said on Thursday , after new signs of

Prompt 1831:
President Donald Trump on Thursday embraced a suggestion from the Senate ’ s top Democrat to end congressional battles over the U.S. debt ceiling , a day after he stunned fellow Republicans by striking a

Prompt 1832:
U.S. President Donald Trump said he would discuss trade and military issues with the emir of Kuwait at the White House on Thursday , as well as tensions over Qatar . Trump , welcoming Kuwait

Prompt 1833:
A new Republican bill to replace Obamacare will be unveiled in the U.S. Senate on Monday with backing from President Donald Trump , according to one of two Republican senators who have crafted the legislation

Prompt 1834:
The U.S. House on Wednesday unanimously approved a sweeping proposal to speed the deployment of self-driving cars without human controls by putting federal regulators in the driver ’ s seat and barring states from blocking

Prompt 1835:
FBI Director Christopher Wray said on Thursday he has “ not detected any whiff of interference ” by the White House into the ongoing investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election . Speaking

Prompt 1836:
The U.S. Senate on Thursday approved $ 15.25 billion in aid for areas affected by Hurricane Harvey and other natural disasters , along with measures that would fund the federal government and raise its borrowing

Prompt 1837:
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan expressed confidence on Thursday that Congress will pass an overhaul of the U.S. tax code by the end of this year , a major

Prompt 1838:
White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney said on Thursday that any tax reform package passed by Congress this year would be retroactive . “ If it passes by the end of the year it will

Prompt 1839:
White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney said on Thursday that any tax reform package passed by Congress this year would be retroactive . “ If it passes by the end of the year it will

Prompt 1840:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that he and congressional leaders had discussed the possibility of jettisoning a long-standing cap on U.S. government debt , saying it is not really needed . “ It

Prompt 1841:
Twitter Inc ( TWTR.N ) is expected to brief U.S. congressional investigators soon on whether Russia used its advertising platform to promote divisive social and political messages during the 2016 election , Senator Mark Warner

Prompt 1842:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday that he discussed a permanent repeal of the debt ceiling at a meeting with congressional leaders this week and is open to the concept . “ For many

Prompt 1843:
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he opposes any effort to do away with the role of Congress in approving increases to the federal debt limit . “ I think there ’ s

Prompt 1844:
The leadership of the largest group of Republican conservatives in the U.S. House of Representatives said on Thursday it opposed the deal President Donald Trump struck with Democrats to tie together legislation to provide hurricane

Prompt 1845:
Youths who were brought to the United States illegally and gained protection under the Obama administration should not worry about their immigration status during the next six months before the program ends , U.S. President

Prompt 1846:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday said he wanted to help lawmakers pass legislation aimed at helping to protect youth brought to the United States illegally , U.S. Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer said .

Prompt 1847:
A U.S. Senate committee on Thursday voted to advance the White House ’ s nomination of Randal Quarles to the Federal Reserve ’ s board of governors , a further boost for President Donald Trump

Prompt 1848:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he expects to unveil a proposal for overhauling the federal tax code this fall and to get legislation passed by the end of the year

Prompt 1849:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he hoped to see compromise immigration reform that combines border security measures with protections for immigrants who were brought illegally to the United States as

Prompt 1850:
Comprehensive reform of the U.S. tax code is still likely to pass by the end of 2017 despite the government spending deal President Donald Trump struck with Democrats , U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said

Prompt 1851:
When President Donald Trump spoke to reporters on Air Force One on Wednesday , he went out of his way to praise Democratic congressional leaders he had met earlier at the White House . He

Prompt 1852:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would get into “ great detail ” in the next two weeks on his U.S. tax reform plan , which has been short on specifics , even

Prompt 1853:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Wednesday he expects President Donald Trump ’ s tax plan to be considered by congressional committees later this month . “ We have a plan . The plan

Prompt 1854:
President Donald Trump forged a surprising deal with Democrats in Congress on Wednesday to extend the U.S. debt limit and provide government funding until Dec. 15 , embracing his political adversaries and blindsiding fellow Republicans

Prompt 1855:
Facebook Inc said on Wednesday it had found that an operation likely based in Russia spent $ 100,000 on thousands of U.S. ads promoting divisive social and political messages in a two-year-period through May .

Prompt 1856:
Facebook Inc has turned over information about U.S. election ads it believes were bought by Russians to Robert Mueller , the special counsel in charge of investigating alleged Russian interference in last year ’ s

Prompt 1857:
Senator Elizabeth Warren , a Democrat from Massachusetts , met on Wednesday with President Donald Trump ’ s pick to run the Justice Department ’ s Antitrust Division , where she pressed him on political

Prompt 1858:
President Donald Trump ’ s call to the U.S. Congress to pass protections for some undocumented immigrants is stirring interest among his fellow Republicans in Congress , despite the party ’ s longstanding divisions over

Prompt 1859:
Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin plans to call a special legislative session to fill a budget shortfall of $ 215 million tied to cigarette sales , according to a statement issued by her office on Wednesday

Prompt 1860:
President Donald Trump ’ s oldest son , Donald Trump Jr. , will testify privately to the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday as it investigates allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election .

Prompt 1861:
The Trump administration and major U.S. states appear to be headed for a showdown over landmark rules aimed at doubling the fuel efficiency of vehicles sold in the United States . At an Environmental Protection

Prompt 1862:
Fifteen states and the District of Columbia filed a lawsuit on Wednesday challenging President Donald Trump ’ s decision to end protections and benefits for young people who were brought into the United States illegally

Prompt 1863:
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that any legislation to address the roughly 800,000 undocumented people in the United States covered by the so-called Dreamers program would also need to also address border

Prompt 1864:
President Donald Trump on Wednesday said the hurricane moving toward Florida and Puerto Rico looks to be record-breaking and said a meeting with congressional leaders would show whether they could work out challenges the country

Prompt 1865:
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday he supports fellow Republican President Donald Trump ’ s deal with Democratic congressional leaders to extend the U.S. debt ceiling and fund the government into December

Prompt 1866:
The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday approved roughly $ 8 billion in initial emergency aid for relief and rebuilding after Hurricane Harvey , which tore into Texas on Aug. 25 . The House-passed measure

Prompt 1867:
U.S . Senators Marco Rubio and Bill Nelson of Florida asked Senate leaders to include additional funding for Hurricane Irma in a $ 7.85 billion disaster aid package for Hurricane Harvey passed by the House

Prompt 1868:
A proposed Massachusetts ballot initiative that would allow voters to require U.S. presidential candidates to release their tax returns cleared a key hurdle on Wednesday , as state lawmakers mulled a similar bill after President

Prompt 1869:
President Donald Trump ’ s nominee to lead the U.S. Justice Department ’ s Civil Rights Division denounced white hate groups on Wednesday and pledged to support the agency ’ s investigation into the murder

Prompt 1870:
U.S . Senator Bob Menendez abused his power to help a wealthy benefactor in a years-long bribery scheme that netted the New Jersey Democrat lavish gifts and major campaign donations , federal prosecutors told a

Prompt 1871:
U.S. President Donald Trump and congressional leaders agreed on Wednesday to pass an extension of the debt limit until Dec. 15 , as well as a government funding bill covering the same period and disaster

Prompt 1872:
Congressional Democratic leaders on Wednesday said they would support an effort to tie government financial relief in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey to a three-month extension of the nation ’ s debt limit . “

Prompt 1873:
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan on Wednesday blasted a proposal from the top two Democrats in Congress for a three-month increase in the nation ’ s debt limit . “ I think that ’ s

Prompt 1874:
Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday it was critical for Congress to pass disaster relief legislation , prevent a U.S. debt default and keep the federal government open so that help could

Prompt 1875:
President Donald Trump on Tuesday scrapped an Obama-era program that protects from deportation immigrants brought illegally into the United States as children , delaying implementation until March and giving a gridlocked Congress six months to

Prompt 1876:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1877:
The U.S. Congress , back from vacation on Tuesday , already had its plate full with urgent fiscal and disaster relief issues when President Donald Trump saddled it with deciding the fate of people brought

Prompt 1878:
Financial markets have fretted about the fiscal situation in Washington , with deadlines looming in late September and early October to keep the U.S. government open and raise the debt ceiling . As Congress returned

Prompt 1879:
The state of Texas won at least a temporary victory on Tuesday in its bid to implement a controversial voter identification law when a federal appeals court stayed a ruling by a U.S. district court

Prompt 1880:
Mexico and Central American countries they will lobby U.S. lawmakers to protect young illegal immigrants who saw their lives thrown into limbo on Tuesday after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would end a program

Prompt 1881:
President Donald Trump ’ s administration is set to unveil revised self-driving vehicle guidelines next week in Michigan , responding to automakers ’ calls for elimination of legal barriers to putting autonomous vehicles on the

Prompt 1882:
The workforce at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is on course to fall to its lowest level since Ronald Reagan was president , an agency official said on Tuesday . In June , the EPA

Prompt 1883:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1884:
The U.S. House Intelligence Committee has issued subpoenas to the Justice Department and FBI for documents related to a dossier that alleged Russia collected compromising material on Donald Trump , the panel ’ s top

Prompt 1885:
U.S. President Donald Trump has found at least one Democrat willing to entertain his tax reform pitch : Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota , who plans to travel with him on Air Force One

Prompt 1886:
Several U.S. states and immigrant advocacy groups vowed on Tuesday to fight President Donald Trump ’ s decision to end a program that protects people brought illegally to the United States as children from deportation

Prompt 1887:
The U.S. House of Representatives easily approved legislation on Tuesday that would ensure a key regulatory panel would be able to retain expertise on the insurance industry . By a vote of 407 to 1

Prompt 1888:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s top trade adviser expressed optimism on Tuesday about reaching agreement on a revised free trade pact with South Korea , days after Trump suggested scrapping the deal with a

Prompt 1889:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he has “ great heart ” for illegal immigrants brought to the United States as children and he wants Congress to produce a legislative solution for them .

Prompt 1890:
The Trump administration drew vigorous responses to its announcement on Tuesday it would be ending an Obama-era program that allows children to stay in the United States who entered the country illegally . Business executives

Prompt 1891:
Former President Barack Obama said on Tuesday the Trump administration ’ s decision to rescind a program Obama instituted to protect from deportation illegal immigrants who were brought to the United States as children was

Prompt 1892:
Former Wisconsin sheriff David Clarke , an African-American who criticized the Black Lives Mater movement and was previously under consideration for a position with the Trump administration , has joined a super political action committee

Prompt 1893:
U.S. President Donald Trump has spoken to congressional leaders about immigration reform and is confident that Congress will take action to deal with the status of illegal immigrants who have grown up in the United

Prompt 1894:
The Trump administration said on Tuesday it will end a program that shielded young undocumented immigrants from deportation , called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , or DACA . But the administration is phasing the

Prompt 1895:
President Donald Trump defended his decision to rescind a program for immigrant children brought into the United States illegally as necessary to safeguard the rule of law in the country . “ I do not

Prompt 1896:
The president of Microsoft Corp expressed deep disappointment on Tuesday with President Donald Trump ’ s decision to rescind a program for immigrants brought into the United States illegally as children and urged Congress to

Prompt 1897:
The Trump administration outlined on Tuesday how it will dismantle a program that shielded from deportation undocumented immigrants who came to the United States as children and allowed them to work in the country .

Prompt 1898:
A House of Representatives committee said on Tuesday it will consider this week a resolution asking President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions to provide documents related to Trump ’ s firing of James

Prompt 1899:
U.S. President Donald Trump had a message for lawmakers returning to Washington after the August recess on Tuesday , when he was expected to rescind an immigration program that shielded from deportation some immigrants who

Prompt 1900:
Texas on Monday edged toward recovery from the devastation of Hurricane Harvey as shipping channels , oil pipelines and refineries restarted some operations and authorities lifted an evacuation order for the area around a once-burning

Prompt 1901:
New York and Washington state on Monday vowed to sue President Donald Trump if he scraps a program shielding from deportation immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children . The Trump administration

Prompt 1902:
Democrat Richard Cordray delivered a campaign-style stump speech at a sprawling Labor Day celebration on Monday , but the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau chief stopped short of saying whether he intends to run for

Prompt 1903:
The U.S. Coast Guard on Monday allowed some barge traffic to enter Port Arthur , Texas , home of the country ’ s largest oil refinery , and is considering allowing ships to enter on

Prompt 1904:
Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Monday it has reopened most stores in the Gulf region that were shut due to Hurricane Harvey . The company said five stores along the coast where the hurricane made

Prompt 1905:
Hurricane Harvey devastated Texas , but could bring some fiscal order to Washington where Republicans and Democrats will need to put political differences aside in order to approve spending to repair the damage from flooding

Prompt 1906:
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) still sees no need for a coordinated international release of oil stocks after Hurricane Harvey disrupted a large chunk of U.S. refining and some production facilities , IEA

Prompt 1907:
Salvage efforts continued on Monday to remove a sunken drydock in an industrial portion of the Houston Ship Channel , home to major oil refineries and petrochemical plants , officials said . Port operations across

Prompt 1908:
The U.S. House will consider a disaster relief package on Wednesday in wake of Hurricane Harvey that led to massive flooding in Texas and has been blamed for at least 50 deaths , the House

Prompt 1909:
Ilka Eren , 25 , came to the United States from Turkey with her parents more than 15 years ago and lives in the country without legal authorization . While in college , she applied

Prompt 1910:
When the U.S. Congress returns from summer vacation on Tuesday , for the first time in years gutting Obamacare will not be the main order of business on the healthcare agenda . But leftover hard

Prompt 1911:
Ratings agency Moody ’ s said on Monday it did not believe global property reinsurance prices trends would be materially affected by Hurricane Harvey , though rates in affected regions could rise . Intense competition

Prompt 1912:
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said on Monday that Washington ’ s actions towards Russian diplomatic facilities in the United States could be described as “ state hooliganism ” . “ I am inclined

Prompt 1913:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Sunday challenged Congress to raise the government ’ s debt limit in order to free up relief spending for Hurricane Harvey , a disaster that the governor of Texas

Prompt 1914:
President Donald Trump has decided to scrap a program shielding from deportation immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children but will give Congress six months to craft legislation to replace it ,

Prompt 1915:
U.S. President Donald Trump admonished South Korea , a key ally , for what he termed a policy of “ appeasement ” after North Korea claimed to have tested an advanced hydrogen bomb for a

Prompt 1916:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Sunday put pressure on Congress to increase the government ’ s debt limit by arguing that relief funding for hurricane-ravaged areas of Texas might be delayed if lawmakers do

Prompt 1917:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Twitter on Sunday that the United States was considering cutting trade to any country doing business with North Korea . North Korea said it had tested an advanced hydrogen

Prompt 1918:
U.S. President Donald Trump said “ we ’ ll see ” when asked whether the United States would attack North Korea , as he left a church service . North Korea said it had tested

Prompt 1919:
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said he and U.S. President Donald Trump agreed on Sunday that the international community must step up its response to North Korea after Pyongyang announced it had tested a hydrogen

Prompt 1920:
State and local governments need to become more self-sufficient in handling major disasters like Hurricane Harvey , FEMA Administrator Brook Long said in a televised interview on Sunday . Speaking on CBS ’ Face the

Prompt 1921:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said on Sunday that he would put together a package of new sanctions to potentially cut off all trade with North Korea after Pyongyang conducted its sixth and most powerful

Prompt 1922:
U.S. President Donald Trump took up the mantle of “ comforter-in-chief ” in a visit to storm-wracked Houston as he played with children and served up food to evacuees from Hurricane Harvey , the first

Prompt 1923:
The city of Houston on Saturday witnessed two milestones on its road to recovery from Hurricane Harvey : a visit from the president of the United States and the return of baseball a week after

Prompt 1924:
Thirteen Superfund sites , heavily contaminated former industrial zones , in Texas were flooded or damaged by Hurricane Harvey , but the full impact on surrounding areas was not immediately clear , the U.S. Environmental

Prompt 1925:
The U.S. Justice Department said it had no evidence to support the unsubstantiated claim made in March by President Donald Trump that his predecessor , Barack Obama , had ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower

Prompt 1926:
Officials in Orange County , Texas , will implement a curfew starting Saturday from 8 p.m. until 6 a.m. CDT , the county ’ s emergency management officials said in a statement . County and

Prompt 1927:
Union Pacific Corp said on Saturday repairs to a rail line damaged by Tropical Stormy Harvey are being hindered by a fire at an Arkema chemical plant in Crosby , Texas . The railroad said

Prompt 1928:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday authorized an increase in the level of federal funding for debris removal and emergency protective measures as a result of Hurricane Harvey to 90 percent from 75 percent ,

Prompt 1929:
U.S. activists plan protests in up to 400 cities across the United States on Monday ’ s Labor Day holiday to demand a minimum wage of $ 15 an hour , and are targeting politicians

Prompt 1930:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1931:
House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan urged President Donald Trump on Friday not to rescind an Obama-era program that protects immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children , as more Republicans lined up

Prompt 1932:
President Donald Trump on Friday nominated Columbia University law professor Robert Jackson , an advocate for public disclosure of political spending by companies , for a vacant seat on the five-member U.S. Securities and Exchange

Prompt 1933:
President Donald Trump intends to nominate former U.N. spokesman Richard Grenell to be U.S. ambassador to Germany , the White House said on Friday . Grenell served as U.S. spokesman at the United Nations from

Prompt 1934:
U.S. President Donald Trump will nominate Kenneth Juster to be ambassador to India , the White House said on Friday . Juster was a deputy assistant to Trump for international economic affairs and the deputy

Prompt 1935:
For a man who prefers to project a glowering brusqueness , Donald Trump ’ s trip to Houston on Saturday provides him with the opportunity to show a warmer , more empathetic side — and

Prompt 1936:
Russia said on Friday it would respond harshly to any U.S. measures designed to hurt it , a day after the United States told Moscow to close its San Francisco consulate and buildings in Washington

Prompt 1937:
The U.S. special services have said they will carry out a search of Russia ’ s consulate building in San Francisco , soon to be closed in retaliation for a similar measure by Russia ,

Prompt 1938:
President Donald Trump will announce his decision on Tuesday on whether to rescind the Obama-era policy protecting immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children , the White House said on Friday .

Prompt 1939:
The Trump administration , in line with its tough immigration policy , is keeping red tape in place that could make it harder for immigrants in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey to find jobs with

Prompt 1940:
The White House has signaled to congressional Republican leaders that it has pulled back from U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s threat to shut down the government if a border wall with Mexico is not

Prompt 1941:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Friday President Donald Trump should not rescind an Obama-era program that protects immigrants who entered the country illegally as children , adding that Congress needs to

Prompt 1942:
President Donald Trump , who is considering ending a program that allowed young immigrants who came to the United States with their parents illegally to stay in the country , said he would have a

Prompt 1943:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Friday that lawmakers will replenish a federal disaster relief fund to keep federal aid flowing to Hurricane Harvey victims but that full assistance will come from

Prompt 1944:
A federal judge has rejected Senator Robert Menendez ’ s request to allow breaks in his corruption trial beginning next Wednesday so the New Jersey Democrat could travel to Washington to cast critical Senate votes

Prompt 1945:
A federal watchdog said on Friday it was reviewing the circumstances surrounding U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin ’ s controversial flight last month to Kentucky , where he spoke to business leaders and viewed the

Prompt 1946:
The Kremlin said on Friday that a U.S. decision to close Russia ’ s San Francisco consulate and buildings in Washington and New York pushed bilateral ties further into a blind alley and fueled a

Prompt 1947:
President Donald Trump is expected to rescind an Obama administration policy that protects from deportation nearly 800,000 immigrants who as children entered the country illegally , setting the stage for a fight with U.S. business

Prompt 1948:
U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to nominate Columbia University law professor Robert Jackson to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission , a person with knowledge of the matter said on Thursday

Prompt 1949:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1950:
Estimates of the size of a Hurricane Harvey aid package for Texas and Louisiana rose on Thursday , with one proposal being drafted for $ 150 billion , while the White House promised to make

Prompt 1951:
U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to soon end an Obama-era policy that protects nearly 800,000 immigrants who entered the country illegally as children , a senior administration official said on Thursday . In the

Prompt 1952:
Three high-ranking military officials from the Obama administration on Thursday joined several transgender service members in urging a U.S. judge to halt President Donald Trump ’ s ban on transgender people serving in the military

Prompt 1953:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday that Hurricane Harvey could bring forward the deadline by which the nation ’ s debt ceiling needs to be raised and that he is open to the

Prompt 1954:
The Trump administration is still reviewing the Obama-era program that protects immigrants who entered the country illegally as children , White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert told reporters on Thursday . A senior administration

Prompt 1955:
The United States has told Russia to close its consulate in San Francisco and buildings in Washington and New York that house trade missions , the State Department said on Thursday , in retaliation for

Prompt 1956:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday he had signed orders to send additional troops to Afghanistan , the most concrete step yet by President Donald Trump ’ s administration in tackling America ’

Prompt 1957:
The U.S. House of Representatives will vote Wednesday on a sweeping proposal to speed the deployment of self-driving cars without human controls and bar states from blocking autonomous vehicles , congressional aides said . The

Prompt 1958:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov expressed regret during a phone call with his U.S. counterpart Rex Tillerson about Washington ’ s move to close down Moscow ’ s San Francisco consulate and two other annexes

Prompt 1959:
The U.S. government could provide up to $ 80 billion in aid to victims of Hurricane Harvey , only a fraction of what the total impact could be from the storm , Texas Representative Pete

Prompt 1960:
Democratic state officials blasted the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on Thursday for telling governors in what they describe as a “ legally incorrect ” letter in March that they do not need to comply with

Prompt 1961:
A U.S. judge on Wednesday blocked sections of a Texas law intended to punish so-called “ sanctuary cities ” , regarded as soft on immigration , in a ruling handed down two days before the

Prompt 1962:
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis openly differed with his commander in chief over North Korea on Wednesday , the latest example of a once-rare public display of disagreement by top U.S. aides that has become more

Prompt 1963:
U.S. President Donald Trump made his first major tax reform speech on Wednesday , but in a long list of thank yous he did not mention Gary Cohn , the White House point man on

Prompt 1964:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 1965:
Special counsel Robert Mueller ’ s team is working with New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman on its investigation into President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager Paul Manafort and his financial transactions ,

Prompt 1966:
A Democratic U.S. senator on Wednesday urged the FBI to investigate whether billionaire investor Carl Icahn broke the law when he called for biofuels policies that would have benefited his investments while serving as an

Prompt 1967:
Financial firms are sounding alarm bells and dusting off contingency plans over fears an increasingly dysfunctional U.S. Congress may fail to reach a deal to raise the country ’ s debt limit . Several lobbyists

Prompt 1968:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s administration told state and local officials on Wednesday that it will use its infrastructure plan to create incentives for the private sector to finance or take over public entities

Prompt 1969:
The Pentagon has notified the U.S. Congress of the sale to Nigeria of 12 Super Tucano A-29 planes and weapons worth $ 593 million , which the West African country wants for its fight against

Prompt 1970:
The Interior Department ’ s inspector general said it dropped a probe into a reported threat by the agency ’ s head , Ryan Zinke , to Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska to harm

Prompt 1971:
Moscow and Washington should re-establish direct contacts between their military and foreign policy chiefs , Russia ’ s new ambassador to Washington , Anatoly Antonov , said on Wednesday . “ The time has come

Prompt 1972:
The head of the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was coy , in a letter sent to the head of a congressional committee on Wednesday , about possible plans to resign and run for governor

Prompt 1973:
Krassi Nikov evacuated his Houston home with more than 2 feet ( 61 cm ) of water inside of it on Tuesday after Tropical Storm Harvey devastated Texas ’ Gulf Coast . He now plans

Prompt 1974:
Russian President Vladimir Putin ’ s spokesman confirmed on Wednesday he had received an email in January last year from an adviser to Donald Trump about a Moscow real estate project , but said he

Prompt 1975:
President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he still wants to see the U.S. corporate tax rate drop to 15 percent , saying cutting it is essential for the nation to regain its competitive edge .

Prompt 1976:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that Missouri should vote Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill out of office if she does not back his tax cuts . “ We must lower our taxes . And

Prompt 1977:
The Trump administration has blocked a rule requiring U.S. employers to report detailed pay data broken down by gender and race , echoing business groups by saying it would not have the intended effect of

Prompt 1978:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday current policy regarding transgender personnel serving in the military would remain in place until he advises President Donald Trump on how to implement his directive on a

Prompt 1979:
The White House on Tuesday downplayed talk of division among President Donald Trump ’ s advisers after Secretary of State Tillerson and economic adviser Gary Cohn appeared to criticize Trump for his response to the

Prompt 1980:
World number three Roger Federer survived a first-round scare from Frances Tiafoe before grinding out a 4-6 6-2 6-1 1-6 6-4 victory over the American teenager in front of a raucous crowd at the U.S.

Prompt 1981:
The U.S. Congress started to come to grips on Tuesday with crafting a multibillion-dollar Hurricane Harvey emergency aid package that President Donald Trump suggested could be historically large , without providing specifics . On a

Prompt 1982:
The Trump administration plans to name a Washington-based academic and former White House official , Victor Cha , as the next U.S. ambassador to South Korea , an administration official said on Tuesday . Cha

Prompt 1983:
President Donald Trump ’ s oldest son , Donald Trump Jr. , has agreed to testify privately to the Senate Judiciary Committee as it looks into allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election

Prompt 1984:
President Donald Trump is unlikely to win congressional support for funds he wants for a proposed U.S.-Mexico border wall before an Oct. 1 deadline , meaning he may have to choose between backing down on

Prompt 1985:
A U.S. appeals court on Monday sharply questioned a lawyer defending President Donald Trump ’ s effort to broadly enforce a temporary refugee ban that the Republican president said was necessary for national security .

Prompt 1986:
The frequent travels of the head of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , Scott Pruitt , to Oklahoma will be investigated following congressional requests , the agency ’ s Office of Inspector General said on

Prompt 1987:
U.S. lawmakers are expected to pass a large aid package for victims of Hurricane Harvey , but specifics of the plan and its price tag are unclear as Congress awaits a funding request from the

Prompt 1988:
President Donald Trump said on Monday the United States is “ very protective ” of the Baltics in the face of a Russian naval exercise with China in the Baltic Sea and said the United

Prompt 1989:
The U.S. Defense Department awarded Raytheon a $ 614 million modification for a contract previously valued at $ 630 million , the Pentagon said in a statement on Monday . Raytheon is tasked with manufacturing

Prompt 1990:
President Donald Trump said on Monday he hoped a government shutdown would not be necessary over his demand that the U.S. Congress fund his proposed wall along the southern border with Mexico . At a

Prompt 1991:
The Pentagon has notified the U.S. Congress of the sale to Nigeria of 12 Super Tucano A-29 planes and weapons worth $ 593 million , which the West African country wants for its fight against

Prompt 1992:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday issued an executive order revoking limits imposed by predecessor Barack Obama on the transfer of surplus military equipment to local law enforcement agencies , the White House said .

Prompt 1993:
U.S. House of Representatives ’ Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said on Monday that Republicans and Democrats should join together to pass timely relief for victims of Tropical Storm Harvey , which has been hitting Texas

Prompt 1994:
United States Energy Secretary Rick Perry has canceled a planned visit to Kazakhstan on Monday , the U.S. embassy in Kazakhstan said , due to Hurricane Harvey . “ Due to Hurricane Harvey and the

Prompt 1995:
Donald Trump ’ s company was pursuing a Moscow real estate deal while he was running for U.S. president in late 2015 and early 2016 , the Washington Post reported on Sunday . The Post

Prompt 1996:
U.S. President Donald Trump renewed his threat to scrap NAFTA and ripped on trading partners Canada and Mexico in a tweet early on Sunday , days before the three countries were scheduled to hold a

Prompt 1997:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday the firing of three ballistic missiles by North Korea this week was a provocative act but that the United States will continue to seek a peaceful

Prompt 1998:
President Donald Trump should not have pardoned a former Arizona sheriff who was convicted of criminal contempt in a case of racial profiling , the Republican speaker of the House of Representatives , Paul Ryan

Prompt 1999:
White House adviser Sebastian Gorka , who was closely aligned with a nationalist faction led by ousted senior strategist Steve Bannon , no longer works for President Donald Trump , the White House said on

Prompt 2000:
U.S. President Donald Trump is likely to rescind an Obama-era policy that protects nearly 600,000 immigrants who entered the country illegally as children and are known as “ Dreamers , ” according to media reports

Prompt 2001:
U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order that prohibits dealings in new debt from the Venezuelan government or its state oil company on Friday in an effort to halt financing that the White House

Prompt 2002:
Democrats in the U.S. Congress wield little clout nowadays , but they will likely have plenty of influence on the looming issue of the U.S. debt ceiling and party leaders are considering whether they should

Prompt 2003:
Federal prosecutors on Friday opposed a last-ditch effort by New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez to allow periodic delays in his federal corruption trial in Newark , New Jersey , next month so that he can

Prompt 2004:
U.S. President Donald Trump signed a memorandum on Friday that directs the U.S. military not to accept transgender men and women as recruits and halts the use of government funds for sex-reassignment surgeries for active

Prompt 2005:
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said on Friday his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump ’ s executive order prohibiting dealings in new debt from the Venezuelan government or its state oil company PDVSA was designed to push

Prompt 2006:
Special Counsel Robert Mueller has issued grand jury subpoenas seeking testimony from public relations executives who worked on an international campaign organized by former Trump campaign adviser Paul Manafort , NBC News reported on Friday

Prompt 2007:
Special Counsel Robert Mueller is examining what role , if any former national security adviser Mike Flynn may have had in an effort to obtain Hillary Clinton ’ s emails from Russian hackers , the

Prompt 2008:
President Donald Trump took Republican Senator Bob Corker to task on Twitter on Friday , apparently responding to the Foreign Relations Committee chair ’ s comment that Trump did not understand the nation ’ s

Prompt 2009:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2010:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday the nation ’ s debt ceiling will be raised in September and that after talks with congressional leaders from both parties everyone is “ on the same

Prompt 2011:
Financial markets are fretting about the fiscal situation in Washington , with deadlines looming in late September and early October on the U.S. budget and the federal debt ceiling . Republican President Donald Trump stoked

Prompt 2012:
The federal government has not notified U.S. state election officials if their voting systems were targeted by suspected Russian hackers during the 2016 presidential campaign , and the information will likely never be made public

Prompt 2013:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Friday that new sanctions imposed against Venezuela were aimed at hobbling the regime of President Nicolas Maduro by restricting the country ’ s access to U.S. debt and

Prompt 2014:
The United States is trying to promote a humanitarian crisis in Venezuela by imposing new sanctions , Foreign Affairs Minister Jorge Arreaza said on Friday after the sanctions were announced by the White House .

Prompt 2015:
Ohio ’ s Republican governor , John Kasich , and Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper , a Democrat , have discussed the idea of a joint run for the White House in 2020 , Axios and

Prompt 2016:
U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Friday that U.S. sanctions against Venezuela were a strong message to President Nicolas Maduro that the United States would not tolerate a “ dictatorship ”

Prompt 2017:
Gary Cohn , President Donald Trump ’ s top economic adviser , drafted a letter of resignation over the administration ’ s weak response to recent clashes between neo-Nazis and anti-racism protesters , but decided

Prompt 2018:
U.S. President Donald Trump will begin a major push next week to convince the public of the need for tax reform , shifting his focus to fiscal policy in an effort to win a big

Prompt 2019:
Affordable housing advocates are closely watching a package of bills currently under consideration by California lawmakers that would invest billions of dollars in helping to alleviate the state ’ s severe housing crisis . For

Prompt 2020:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2021:
President Donald Trump picked a new fight on Thursday with his fellow Republicans , saying congressional leaders could have avoided a “ mess ” over raising the U.S. debt ceiling if they had taken his

Prompt 2022:
U.S . Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said on Thursday he has sent recommendations from his review of more than two dozen national monuments to President Donald Trump , indicating that some could be scaled back

Prompt 2023:
U.S. President Donald Trump called Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Thursday and said he was keen to overcome any obstacles in the way of cooperation , just days after the U.S. said it would

Prompt 2024:
A U.S. court on Thursday rejected a bid by Republican voters to throw out congressional districts drawn by Democratic lawmakers in Maryland . The three-judge panel sitting in Baltimore , divided 2-1 , also put

Prompt 2025:
The White House said on Thursday it was committed to making sure Congress raises the nation ’ s debt limit even as the president described the looming legislative process as a “ mess. ” “

Prompt 2026:
A U.S. Energy Department report calls for incentives to boost coal-fired and nuclear power plants following a slew of closures that it said undermined reliable sources of electricity . The findings of the study ,

Prompt 2027:
The White House said on Thursday that there was no need to repair the relationship between President Donald Trump and Republican congressional leaders , despite some recent policy disputes . “ I think the relationships

Prompt 2028:
The U.S. Congress will pass legislation to raise the federal debt ceiling and lawmakers have a number of options for avoiding default , House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday . “ We

Prompt 2029:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan on Thursday rejected speculation that future tax legislation could include temporary tax cuts for businesses , saying macro-economic elements of tax reform including rates must be permanent .

Prompt 2030:
U.S. President Donald Trump remains committed and optimistic about achieving Israeli-Palestinian peace , his son-in-law and senior adviser told the sides on Thursday during his first visit to the region since last month ’ s

Prompt 2031:
The U.S. government might not have enough money to pay all its bills on Oct. 2 if Washington does not raise a cap on federal borrowing , a respected think tank said in a report

Prompt 2032:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Twitter on Thursday that a legislative “ mess ” could have been avoided if Republican congressional leaders had followed his advice to tie debt ceiling legislation to a veterans

Prompt 2033:
President Donald Trump has invited Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak , who is dogged by a corruption scandal being investigated in the United States , to the White House on Sept. 12 , officials from

Prompt 2034:
President Donald Trump ’ s fellow Republicans rebuked him on Wednesday after his threat to shut down the U.S. government over funding for a border wall rattled markets and cast a shadow over congressional efforts

Prompt 2035:
The United States could impose additional penalties on four unidentified countries that do not cooperate with requests to return their citizens , a Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) spokesman said Wednesday . The

Prompt 2036:
The White House is expected to tell the Pentagon in coming days how to implement a ban on transgender people in the military , according to a memo that says the defense secretary may decide

Prompt 2037:
A federal court judge on Wednesday threw out a Texas voter identification law that was supported by the Trump administration , but the state ’ s attorney general said his office would appeal the ruling

Prompt 2038:
The U.S. Air Force has awarded Lockheed Martin Corp and Raytheon Co separate $ 900 million contracts to continue work on a replacement for the AGM-86B air-launched nuclear cruise missile , the Pentagon said on

Prompt 2039:
U.S. President Donald Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Wednesday emphasized their plans to cooperate on shared goals , following weeks of tensions between the two Republicans . The White House and McConnell

Prompt 2040:
U.S. President Donald Trump and Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell remain united on many priorities and will hold previously scheduled meetings after the August recess to discuss the issues with members of the congressional leadership

Prompt 2041:
President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he was willing to shut down the government to get funding for a U.S.-Mexico border wall , complicating two must-pass measures Congress will take up in September : a

Prompt 2042:
U.S. President Donald Trump warned on Tuesday he might terminate the NAFTA trade treaty with Mexico and Canada after three-way talks failed to bridge deep differences . The United States , Canada and Mexico wrapped

Prompt 2043:
Police fired pepper spray to disperse protesters outside a rally by U.S. President Donald Trump in Phoenix , Arizona , on Tuesday after being pelted with rocks and bottles , police said . Police have

Prompt 2044:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Wednesday that the government shutdown threatened by President Donald Trump is unnecessary and not wanted by lawmakers in Congress . “ I don ’ t think

Prompt 2045:
Former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton says in her new book that Donald Trump made her skin crawl by stalking her around the stage in a campaign debate and she wonders if she should have

Prompt 2046:
Connecticut , home to hedge fund billionaires alongside cities mired in poverty , is racing against the clock to pass a budget or face further spending cuts to education and municipal aid across the state

Prompt 2047:
Connecticut , one of the wealthiest states in the nation , also has some of the highest debt levels and its capital city of Hartford is facing potential bankruptcy . Now , the state faces

Prompt 2048:
Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry is no longer meeting U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s advisor and son-in-law Jared Kushner on Wednesday , a copy of his schedule sent out to journalists showed . A

Prompt 2049:
U.S. President Donald Trump hinted on Tuesday that he would issue a pardon for Joe Arpaio , a controversial former sheriff convicted last month of criminal contempt in a racial profiling case . Trump ,

Prompt 2050:
U.S. President Donald Trump expressed cautious optimism on Tuesday about a possible improvement in relations with North Korea after months of mounting tension over its weapons programs . “ I respect the fact that he

Prompt 2051:
U.S. President Donald Trump revved up supporters on Tuesday with a defense of his response to a white supremacist-organized rally in Virginia and a promise to shut down the U.S. government if necessary to build

Prompt 2052:
U.S. President Donald Trump would be required to notify U.S. lawmakers before creating a joint U.S.-Russia cyber security unit - an idea that has drawn criticism across the political spectrum - under legislation advancing in

Prompt 2053:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2054:
The U.S. Air Force may intensify its strikes in Afghanistan and expand training of the Afghan air force following President Donald Trump ’ s decision to forge ahead with the 16-year-old war , its top

Prompt 2055:
The United States suggested on Tuesday it could cut U.S. aid to Pakistan or downgrade Islamabad ’ s status as a major non-NATO ally to pressure the South Asian nation to do more to help

Prompt 2056:
Rolling back territorial gains by the Taliban and strengthening the Afghanistan army ’ s ability to fight will be two key objectives of President Donald Trump ’ s new strategy for the country , a

Prompt 2057:
The U.S. Justice Department is scaling back its request to obtain a broad swath of data in connection with an anti-Trump website , after critics accused the department of trampling the free speech rights of

Prompt 2058:
Some members of a White House infrastructure advisory council have resigned , the White House said on Tuesday , days after President Donald Trump ’ s response to violence at a rally by white nationalists

Prompt 2059:
The wife of U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin on Tuesday apologized for sniping at a critic on social media site Instagram who called her “ deplorable ” for a post highlighting her expensive clothing as

Prompt 2060:
Fujifilm Medical Systems U.S.A. Inc , a unit of Fujifilm Holdings Corp , has been awarded a $ 768 million contract for digital imaging network picture archiving communications system products and maintenance , the Pentagon

Prompt 2061:
Congressional Republicans , seeking to address the complaints of small businesses , are floating changes to their controversial proposal to eliminate business tax deductions for debt interest payments , business lobbyists said on Tuesday .

Prompt 2062:
Outlining a new strategy for the war in Afghanistan , U.S. President Donald Trump chastised Pakistan over its alleged support for Afghan militants - an approach analysts say will probably not change Pakistan ’ s

Prompt 2063:
Government forces breached the city limits of Tal Afar in northwestern Iraq on Tuesday on the third day of a U.S.-backed offensive to seize it back from Islamic State militants . Tal Afar , a

Prompt 2064:
Iraqi forces breached on Tuesday the city limits of Tal Afar , an Islamic State stronghold west of Mosul , military authorities said . Army and counter terrorism units broke into the city from the

Prompt 2065:
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis said on Tuesday he was waiting for a plan from the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff that follows President Donald Trump ’ s South Asia strategy before he

Prompt 2066:
Germany will not immediately send more troops to Afghanistan in response to U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s request for more backing as it increased its presence last year at a time when others were

Prompt 2067:
NATO allies on Tuesday welcomed President Donald Trump ’ s decision to commit more forces to Afghanistan , as part of a new U.S. strategy he said would require more troops and funding from America

Prompt 2068:
Russia does not believe that U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s new strategy on Afghanistan will lead to any significant positive changes in the country , the Interfax news agency cited an unnamed Russian Foreign

Prompt 2069:
China defended its ally Pakistan on Tuesday after U.S. President Donald Trump said the United States could no longer be silent about Pakistan ’ s “ safe havens ” for militants and warned it had

Prompt 2070:
Afghan leader Ashraf Ghani on Tuesday welcomed U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s new strategy for the war in Afghanistan , which would remove timelines for withdrawal of remaining foreign troops . “ I am

Prompt 2071:
Britain on Tuesday welcomed a commitment by U.S. President Donald Trump to step up the military campaign against Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan . President Trump committed the United States to an open-ended conflict in Afghanistan

Prompt 2072:
A spokesman for the Afghan Taliban condemned on Tuesday U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s announcement that he will keep American troops in Afghanistan with no set timetable for withdrawal . “ Instead of continuing

Prompt 2073:
While President Donald Trump opened the door on Monday to beefing up U.S. forces in Afghanistan , he provided few details on how sending more troops will hasten a conclusion to America ’ s longest

Prompt 2074:
U.S. President Donald Trump came around to the decision to allow for more troops to be sent to Afghanistan only after a prolonged internal debate in which he frequently tangled with his top national security

Prompt 2075:
The head of U.S. and international forces in Afghanistan said on Monday the United States ’ future presence in Afghanistan would be based on “ conditions and not arbitrary timelines ” . “ This new

Prompt 2076:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday that he had directed the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to carry out President Donald Trump ’ s South Asia strategy after a rigorous interagency

Prompt 2077:
President Donald Trump will visit a border protection facility in a town along the U.S.-Mexican border in Arizona on Tuesday as he seeks congressional funding for the wall he wants built , administration officials said

Prompt 2078:
Three Democratic U.S. senators wrote to senior administration officials on Monday seeking confirmation on whether White House counterterrorism adviser Sebastian Gorka is under criminal investigation for failing to disclose his membership in a Hungarian neo-Nazi

Prompt 2079:
The U.S. Air Force has awarded Boeing Co and Northrop Grumman Corp separate contracts to continue work on the replacement of the aging Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile system , the Pentagon said on Friday

Prompt 2080:
President Donald Trump has signed off on sending 4,000 more troops to Afghanistan , Fox News reported on Monday , citing a senior U.S. official . The report comes before Trump addresses the nation on

Prompt 2081:
The U.S. Secret Service will not be able to pay an estimated 1,100 employees for required overtime work after September due to government-imposed pay caps , the agency ’ s chief said on Monday .

Prompt 2082:
President Donald Trump was likely to open the door on Monday to a modest increase in U.S. troop numbers in Afghanistan , where America is fighting its longest military conflict . In the past ,

Prompt 2083:
Pakistan has taken action against all Islamist militants including the Haqqani network , the army spokesman said on Monday hours ahead of a U.S. announcement on Afghan policy that could herald a tougher stance towards

Prompt 2084:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2085:
Russia ’ s next ambassador to Washington will be Anatoly Antonov , a former defense official who is subject to European sanctions over his role in the conflict in Ukraine , the Kremlin announced on

Prompt 2086:
Two prominent religious conservatives defended U.S. President Donald Trump on Sunday after he was widely criticized for blaming both white nationalists and counter-protesters for last weekend ’ s violence at a Virginia rally organized by

Prompt 2087:
Adam Schiff , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , said on Sunday that it was premature to try to remove U.S. President Donald Trump by claiming he is physically or mentally impaired

Prompt 2088:
U.S . Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke will recommend on Aug. 24 whether to eliminate or shrink nearly two dozen national monuments , creating the first major test for a 111-year-old law that gives presidents the

Prompt 2089:
Former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon ’ s firing has been met with a collective shrug by some of President Donald Trump ’ s most committed supporters who argue the controversial nationalist became an

Prompt 2090:
Urged by his Yale University classmates to resign as treasury secretary following President Donald Trump ’ s response to a white nationalist protest , Steven Mnuchin said on Saturday he would stay in office and

Prompt 2091:
President Donald Trump ’ s ouster of chief strategist Steve Bannon is unlikely to mark the abandonment of the administration ’ s “ America First ” agenda that has unnerved investors and trade partners and

Prompt 2092:
U.S. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump will not attend the Kennedy Center Honors in December , the White House announced on Saturday , after several honorees said they would boycott a White

Prompt 2093:
With Stephen Bannon , the worry always was that he could be even more disruptive to President Donald Trump ’ s White House from outside than he was within . In the hours following his

Prompt 2094:
U.S. President Donald Trump praised his former chief strategist Steve Bannon on Saturday , thanking him on Twitter for his service and his role in the presidential election campaign against Hillary Clinton . “ I

Prompt 2095:
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis travels to the Middle East and eastern Europe next week to play the increasingly familiar role of reassuring allies that the United States is committed to them despite mixed messages from

Prompt 2096:
U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told staff in an email - seen by Reuters on Friday - that everyone must stand up and condemn hate , as President Donald Trump faces

Prompt 2097:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2098:
President Donald Trump on Friday fired his chief strategist Steve Bannon in the latest White House shake-up , removing a far-right architect of his 2016 election victory and a driving force behind his nationalist and

Prompt 2099:
President Donald Trump decried on Thursday the removal of monuments to the pro-slavery Civil War Confederacy , echoing white nationalists and drawing stinging rebukes from fellow Republicans in a controversy that has inflamed racial tensions

Prompt 2100:
White House special counsel Ty Cobb predicts the cloud of an investigation into Russian meddling in the U.S. election will soon be lifted from President Donald Trump and says he would be “ embarrassed ”

Prompt 2101:
U.S. President Donald Trump reviewed an array of options for a strategy on Afghanistan with his top national security aides , but made no decision on whether he would commit more troops to America ’

Prompt 2102:
Billionaire investor Carl Icahn ended his role as a special adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday after facing criticism that policy recommendations he offered could help his own investments . Some Democratic lawmakers

Prompt 2103:
President Donald Trump on Friday fired his chief strategist Stephen Bannon , a right-wing political activist credited with driving parts of the Trump policy agenda , with mixed results . Bannon was a top Trump

Prompt 2104:
The departure on Friday of Steve Bannon , the White House ’ s top economic nationalist , will likely tip the trade policy scales in favor of the Trump administration ’ s “ globalist ”

Prompt 2105:
President Donald Trump is considering his options for a new U.S. strategy in Afghanistan and will make an announcement “ at the appropriate time , ” White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said on Friday after

Prompt 2106:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday fired chief strategist Stephen Bannon in the latest White House shake-up , removing the far-right architect of his 2016 election victory and a driving force behind his anti-globalization and

Prompt 2107:
The U.S. State Department ’ s email service has been restored after an approximately half-day outage , spokeswoman Heather Nauert said on Friday . State Department officials worldwide stopped receiving emails on the agency ’

Prompt 2108:
When President Donald Trump fired White House chief strategist and former campaign manager Steve Bannon on Friday , it was almost like bidding goodbye to a part of himself . Trump ’ s most polarizing

Prompt 2109:
The U.S. State Department has approved the sale of mobile artillery rocket systems to Romania worth up to $ 1.25 billion , the Defense Security Cooperation Agency said on Friday . The Pentagon agency said

Prompt 2110:
President Donald Trump fired chief strategist Steve Bannon on Friday , the White House announced , ending the turbulent tenure of a rabble-rousing conservative media entrepreneur and political activist who was a darling of Trump

Prompt 2111:
President Donald Trump said on Friday he was elevating the status of the Pentagon ’ s U.S. Cyber Command to help spur development of cyber weapons to deter attacks and punish intruders . In a

Prompt 2112:
A decision from President Donald Trump ’ s Chief of Staff John Kelly is imminent on whether White House chief strategist Steve Bannon will keep his job , online news outlet Axios said on Friday

Prompt 2113:
U.S. President Donald Trump said the United States was prepared for any possible “ trouble ” and its borders were secure , as authorities in Spain grappled with an attempted attack near Barcelona one day

Prompt 2114:
President Donald Trump has stepped up his attacks on Republican senators , an approach he may regret if he is someday impeached and the Senate has to weigh charges against him stemming from an investigation

Prompt 2115:
President Donald Trump has faced strong criticism for his actions regarding investigations into Russia ’ s role in the 2016 U.S. election and contacts between his campaign and Moscow . Trump has denied any collusion

Prompt 2116:
U.S. President Donald Trump has abandoned plans to create an infrastructure advisory council , the White House said on Thursday , the day after two other advisory groups were dismantled over the furor caused by

Prompt 2117:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2118:
Donald Trump on Thursday fired back at a critic in his own party who had denounced the president ’ s response to the Charlottesville , Virginia , attack , saying he had not drawn a

Prompt 2119:
Wisconsin ’ s Republican-controlled state Assembly voted 59-30 on Thursday to approve a bill that paves the way for a $ 3 billion incentives package for a proposed liquid-crystal display plant by Taiwan ’ s

Prompt 2120:
The Republican-controlled Wisconsin State Assembly voted 59-30 on Thursday to approve a bill that paves the way for a $ 3 billion incentives package for a proposed liquid-crystal display plant by Taiwan ’ s Foxconn

Prompt 2121:
A Democratic Missouri state senator is facing calls for her resignation and an investigation by the U.S. Secret Service after posting - and then removing - a Facebook comment saying she wished President Donald Trump

Prompt 2122:
Puerto Rico ’ s bankruptcy , aimed at restructuring $ 72 billion of debt , violates the U.S. Constitution and should be dismissed , the Aurelius Capital Management hedge fund said in a court filing

Prompt 2123:
U.S. House Democrats said on Thursday they were launching an investigation into why prices for Multiple Sclerosis ( MS ) treatments have nearly quintupled since 2004 , and they sent letters requesting information from seven

Prompt 2124:
Senator Bob Corker , unleashing one of the most pointed attacks from a Republican official on President Donald Trump , said on Thursday the president had not yet shown the “ stability and competence ”

Prompt 2125:
White House Economic Adviser Gary Cohn is remaining in his post , a White House official said on Thursday , after speculation earlier in the day of Cohn ’ s possible departure rattled the U.S.

Prompt 2126:
U.S. House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi on Thursday joined calls for the immediate removal of Confederate statues from the U.S. Capitol , shortly after President Donald Trump expressed regret over statues and monuments being removed

Prompt 2127:
U.S. President Donald Trump is close to making a decision to elevate the status of the Pentagon ’ s Cyber Command , signaling more emphasis on developing cyber weapons to deter attacks , punish intruders

Prompt 2128:
Apple Inc ( AAPL.O ) CEO Tim Cook has joined a chorus of business leaders who have voiced their opposition to President Donald Trump after he blamed white nationalists and anti-racism activists equally for violence

Prompt 2129:
President Donald Trump disbanded two high-profile business advisory councils on Wednesday after several chief executives quit in protest over his remarks blaming weekend violence in Virginia on anti-racism activists as well as white nationalists .

Prompt 2130:
U.S. President Donald Trump disbanded two high-profile business advisory councils on Wednesday after corporate CEOs quit in protest at his remarks blaming violence in Charlottesville , Virginia , not only on white nationalists but also

Prompt 2131:
America ’ s closest allies condemned U.S. President Donald Trump in unusually strong and personal terms on Wednesday after he put part of the blame for violent clashes in the state of Virginia on those

Prompt 2132:
Silicon Valley joined a swelling backlash against neo-Nazi groups in the United States on Wednesday as more technology companies removed white supremacists from their services in response to weekend violence in Charlottesville , Virginia .

Prompt 2133:
Several U.S. chief executives had been considering resigning from Donald Trump ’ s business advisory councils for months after the president said he would pull out of the Paris climate accord and ban transgender people

Prompt 2134:
President Donald Trump ’ s turnabout on the violence in Charlottesville , Virginia has rocked his administration , leading to rising speculation that some top officials may be looking for a way out . A

Prompt 2135:
The United States is in an economic war with China , U.S President Donald Trump ’ s chief political strategist has said , warning Washington is losing the fight but is about to hit China

Prompt 2136:
U.S. President Donald Trump inflamed tension after a deadly rally by white nationalists in Virginia by insisting that counter protesters were also to blame , drawing condemnation from some Republican leaders and praise from white

Prompt 2137:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2138:
The United States drew a hard line for renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement on Wednesday , demanding major concessions aimed at slashing trade deficits with Mexico and Canada and boosting U.S. content for

Prompt 2139:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Wednesday he was confident a renegotiation of the NAFTA trade pact between the United States , Mexico and Canada will be a “ win win win. ” Speaking

Prompt 2140:
Talks to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) must include a discussion of new financial services , a Mexican negotiator said on Wednesday , singling out so-called fintech companies rapidly gaining

Prompt 2141:
A U.S. congressional panel next month will hold a hearing on violent extremism , including threats from domestic militants , following a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , that turned deadly . The

Prompt 2142:
The mayor of Phoenix on Wednesday called on President Donald Trump to postpone a rally he was scheduled to hold on Tuesday in the city , saying it was too soon after a violent white

Prompt 2143:
There is “ simply no place ” in American public discourse for “ hate and violence ” displayed in Charlottesville , Virginia , U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday . Just before

Prompt 2144:
Longtime Trump communications aide Hope Hicks has been named as interim communications director , the White House said on Wednesday , in the latest personnel move for President Donald Trump as he continues to seek

Prompt 2145:
Republican tax writers from the U.S. House of Representatives promoted their legislative goals at a special gathering in California on Wednesday , but offered few new details about provisions that may end up in their

Prompt 2146:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Wednesday he was confident a renegotiation of the NAFTA trade pact between the United States , Mexico and Canada will be a “ win win win. ” Speaking

Prompt 2147:
A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday reversed a ruling that prevented Arkansas from cutting off Medicaid funding to Planned Parenthood following the release of controversial videos secretly recorded by an anti-abortion group . The 8th

Prompt 2148:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Wednesday strongly criticized the city of Chicago ’ s political leadership , citing its so-called sanctuary policies as an example of the breakdown of law and order in the

Prompt 2149:
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security terminated a program on Wednesday that allowed minors fleeing violence in El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras to settle in the United States , ending travel hopes for more

Prompt 2150:
The Trump administration will make cost-sharing payments to insurance companies under Obamacare for August , a White House spokesman said on Wednesday , but the announcement did little to quell long-term concerns about the insurance

Prompt 2151:
Mexico ’ s economy minister on Wednesday said the first day of talks to rewrite a trade pact between the United States , Mexico and Canada produced no surprises and the three sides did not

Prompt 2152:
President Donald Trump ’ s Strategic and Policy Forum is disbanding because debate over member participation “ has become a distraction ” from its goals of aiding policy discussions , the business advisory group said

Prompt 2153:
Annual employee surveys released by the FBI on Wednesday show former Director James Comey was highly regarded , contradicting President Donald Trump ’ s claim when he fired Comey this year that he had lost

Prompt 2154:
U.S. President Donald Trump dismantled two CEO advisory panels on Wednesday as a growing number of chief executives announced their resignations following his response to a weekend of violence in Virginia that stoked racial tensions

Prompt 2155:
U.S . Senator Lindsey Graham on Wednesday called out fellow Republican President Donald Trump , saying his remarks in the wake of last weekend ’ s violence in Charlottesville , Virginia , were dividing the

Prompt 2156:
A Republican candidate backed by President Donald Trump for a U.S. Senate seat from Alabama is expected to finish a distant second in a primary election on Tuesday , but will still have enough votes

Prompt 2157:
U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said on Wednesday “ messages of hate and bigotry ” from white supremacists , the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups should not be welcome anywhere in the United

Prompt 2158:
Senior German politicians on Wednesday accused U.S. President Donald Trump of trivializing violence by white supremacists in Virginia and called for a clear rejection of their ideology . Governments could only win the fight against

Prompt 2159:
Mexico ’ s Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said on Wednesday the issue with renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) is “ not tearing apart what has worked ” but rather finding

Prompt 2160:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s top trade official laid down a hard negotiating line for revamping the North American Free Trade Agreement on Wednesday , saying that major changes were needed to slash U.S.

Prompt 2161:
Negotiators from Canada , Mexico and the United States kick off an ambitious first round of trade talks on Wednesday as the countries try to fast-track a deal to modernize the North American Free Trade

Prompt 2162:
The United States , Canada and Mexico have a powerful shared interest in reaching a deal to modernizes the NAFTA trade pact , Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said on Wednesday . “ Strong economic

Prompt 2163:
Allan Landon prepared for his job at the Federal Reserve for two-and-a-half years during the Obama administration before his nomination sank into the partisan quicksand of Washington D.C. , a swamp which has only deepened

Prompt 2164:
Negotiators from Canada , Mexico and the United States will kick off an ambitious first round of trade talks on Wednesday as the countries try to fast-track a deal to modernize the North American Free

Prompt 2165:
Texas measures criticized as being discriminatory for limiting transgender people ’ s access to bathrooms in schools and public buildings died on Tuesday , as the House adjourned and ended its special legislative session .

Prompt 2166:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday rolled back rules regarding environmental reviews and restrictions on government-funded building projects in flood-prone areas as part of his proposal to spend $ 1 trillion to fix aging U.S.

Prompt 2167:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2168:
A U.S. court struck down two Republican-drawn U.S. congressional districts in Texas on Tuesday , saying they were discriminatory and ordering a remedy ahead of elections in 2018 , court papers showed . In the

Prompt 2169:
For months , U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s national security adviser and his chief strategist have battled for influence behind the scenes , and their feud may force another shake-up at the White House

Prompt 2170:
When white supremacists began rallying in downtown Charlottesville this weekend , Liz Licht kept the TV off , trying to shield her three kids from the hate spewed on the streets of this normally quiet

Prompt 2171:
Four business leaders have resigned this week from U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s American Manufacturing Council to protest the president ’ s tepid comments to weekend violence at a rally of white supremacists in

Prompt 2172:
United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres on Tuesday said that “ Racism , xenophobia , anti-Semitism , Islamophobia ” were “ poisoning our societies , ” after violence erupted between left- and right-wing groups in

Prompt 2173:
The top tax law writer in the U.S. House of Representatives insisted on Tuesday that tax reform will happen this year , despite concerns among some experts that a tax code overhaul could drag into

Prompt 2174:
Neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer , which helped organize a gathering in Virginia on Saturday that turned violent , moved to the so-called Dark Web on Tuesday because its registration to use the open internet

Prompt 2175:
Two people who say they were injured in a far-right rally in Charlottesville , Virginia sued the man charged with killing a woman by driving his car through the crowd as well as the event

Prompt 2176:
AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka and Deputy Chief of Staff Thea Lee resigned on Tuesday from President Donald Trump ’ s manufacturing council , slamming his remarks about protests in Virginia and saying he “ tolerates

Prompt 2177:
The Republican governor of Texas signed into law on Tuesday a measure that will restrict insurance coverage for abortions , compelling women to buy a supplemental plan if they want coverage for the procedure .

Prompt 2178:
The chief executives of Intel Corp , Merck & Co Inc and Under Armour Inc resigned from U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s American Manufacturing Council on Monday , following Trump ’ s initially tepid

Prompt 2179:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday dismissed company executives who have resigned from one of his presidential advisory committees in reaction to his response following weekend violence in Charlottesville , Virginia . “ For every

Prompt 2180:
China will take action to defend its interests if the United States damages trade ties , the Ministry of Commerce said on Tuesday , after U.S. President Donald Trump authorized an inquiry into China ’

Prompt 2181:
California sued the U.S. Department of Justice on Monday over federal restrictions on some law enforcement grants to so-called sanctuary cities , continuing a legal counterattack by Democrats against President Donald Trump ’ s administration

Prompt 2182:
U.S. auto safety advocacy group Center for Auto Safety has appointed an official with a track record in federal government consumer protection agencies as its new executive director , the industry body said on Tuesday

Prompt 2183:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2184:
President Donald Trump on Monday authorized an inquiry into China ’ s alleged theft of intellectual property in the first direct trade measure by his administration against Beijing , but one that is unlikely to

Prompt 2185:
China said on Tuesday that it would take actions to defend its interests if the United States damages trade ties after U.S. President Donald Trump authorized an inquiry into China ’ s alleged theft of

Prompt 2186:
A decision by the United States to investigate China ’ s trade practices is a unilateralist “ baring of fangs ” that will hurt both sides , China ’ s state news agency Xinhua said

Prompt 2187:
President Donald Trump will sign an executive order on Tuesday “ establishing discipline and accountability in the environmental review and permitting process for infrastructure projects , ” the White House said in a statement on

Prompt 2188:
Texas measures to restrict access for transgender people to bathrooms in schools and public buildings appear doomed after moderate Republican powerbrokers blocked the bills and hundreds of businesses opposed them . The so-called “ bathroom

Prompt 2189:
Canada laid down a tough line ahead of talks on modernizing NAFTA on Monday , suggesting it could walk away if the United States pushed to remove a key dispute-settlement mechanism in the trade deal

Prompt 2190:
U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said on Monday that a probe on whether to launch an investigation into China ’ s intellectual property practices will be one of his office ’ s “ highest priorities.

Prompt 2191:
Environmental group the Sierra Club sued the U.S. Energy Department on Monday in hopes of forcing it to reveal the groups it has consulted in conducting an eagerly awaited study on the electricity grid .

Prompt 2192:
The Trump administration has set a collision course with the auto industry as it launches renegotiations of the 23-year-old NAFTA trade pact this week , aiming to shrink a growing trade deficit with Mexico and

Prompt 2193:
Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore said on Friday that President Donald Trump ’ s rejection of the Paris climate change agreement was fueling , rather than weakening , momentum among environmental activists . Gore

Prompt 2194:
U.S. President Donald Trump chided Merck & Co Inc ’ s Kenneth Frazier after the drugmaker ’ s chief executive resigned from a presidential advisory board earlier on Monday and cited a need for U.S.

Prompt 2195:
With U.S. Congress members focused during their August recess on finding ways to lower the corporate tax rate , industry groups and other sectors of society are gearing up to fight proposed changes to the

Prompt 2196:
Facing potentially deep budget cuts to U.S. foreign aid , new USAID administrator Mark Green says he needs to do more with less and prove to President Donald Trump that development assistance can further his

Prompt 2197:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s reelection campaign released its first television advertisement on Sunday , a 30-second spot that attacks Democrats and touts the accomplishments of his first seven months in office . The

Prompt 2198:
At first glance , U.S. Representative Mo Brooks seems exactly the kind of candidate President Donald Trump would love to see win Tuesday ’ s Republican primary election for Alabama ’ s open U.S. Senate

Prompt 2199:
For President Donald Trump , this was the week when the real world began to intrude upon his presidency . The violent clashes in Charlottesville , Virginia , between white nationalists and counter-protesters confronted Trump

Prompt 2200:
The special counsel investigating whether Russia interfered in the U.S. presidential election and possible collusion between Moscow and the Trump campaign wants to speak with current and former senior White House officials , the New

Prompt 2201:
China ’ s President Xi Jinping said there needs to be a peaceful resolution to the North Korean nuclear issue , and in a telephone call with U.S. President Donald Trump he urged all sides

Prompt 2202:
U.S. President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron spoke by phone on Saturday and agreed to work together on a crisis on the Korean Peninsula , the White House said in a statement .

Prompt 2203:
After trying for years to stymie the growth of charter schools in Chicago , leaders of its public school teachers ’ union are seeking to enlist staff from charter schools in a bid to strengthen

Prompt 2204:
President Donald Trump said on Friday he was being sarcastic when he thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for saving the United States money by ordering cuts in U.S. diplomatic staff in Russia . Asked whether

Prompt 2205:
The North Korean nuclear issue needs a peaceful resolution , Chinese President Xi Jinping told U.S. President Donald Trump in a telephone call on Saturday , and called on the “ relevant side ” to

Prompt 2206:
North Korea said on Saturday that nearly 3.5 million workers , party members and soldiers volunteered to join or rejoin its army to resist new U.N. sanctions and to fight against the United States in

Prompt 2207:
U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula during a phone conversation on Friday , the White House said in a statement . Trump and

Prompt 2208:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday the risks of a military conflict over North Korea ’ s nuclear program are very high , and Moscow is deeply worried by the mutual threats being

Prompt 2209:
A U.S. judge on Friday ruled that Illinois was not providing sufficient resources for the care of developmentally disabled residents and ordered the state to come up with a plan to restore services . U.S.

Prompt 2210:
Guam posted emergency guidelines on Friday to help residents prepare for any potential nuclear attack after a threat from North Korea to fire missiles in the vicinity of the U.S. Pacific territory . Pyongyang ’

Prompt 2211:
President Donald Trump said he would speak with Chinese President Xi Jinping on Friday night about the “ very dangerous ” situation regarding North Korea . “ Hopefully , it will all work out ,

Prompt 2212:
Frenchman Kevin Mayer led at the halfway stage of the decathlon at the World Championships on Friday in the race to fill the void left by the retirement of Ashton Eaton . American Eaton dominated

Prompt 2213:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s failure to fill dozens of senior-level positions at the Pentagon is making it difficult for defense contractors to forecast business . Defense company officials , speaking on conference calls

Prompt 2214:
U.S. President Donald Trump will make a day trip to Washington , D.C. , on Monday , briefly interrupting his 17-day August working vacation , a White House official said on Friday . Trump has

Prompt 2215:
A fiscal 2018 budget unveiled on Friday by the Chicago Public Schools ( CPS ) depends on nearly $ 570 million in new money from the state and city that may not materialize or has

Prompt 2216:
President Donald Trump said on Friday he hoped North Korea “ fully ” understood the gravity of his words warning Pyongyang against taking any military action against the United States or its allies . “

Prompt 2217:
The head of the U.S. Senate committee that handles Supreme Court nominees said on Friday he no longer expected an imminent court vacancy , bolstering assumptions that Justice Anthony Kennedy would not retire this year

Prompt 2218:
The United States has been engaging in back-channel diplomacy with North Korea for several months , the Associated Press reported on Friday , as President Donald Trump stepped up his warnings to Pyongyang amid rising

Prompt 2219:
President Donald Trump is sending his son-in-law Jared Kushner and negotiator Jason Greenblatt to the Middle East soon to meet regional leaders and discuss a “ path to substantive Israeli-Palestinian peace talks , ” a

Prompt 2220:
Once seen as an opportunity for investors to position themselves for a future North Korean turnaround , the country ’ s rarely traded defaulted debt may move further into the twilight zone after new sanctions

Prompt 2221:
U.S. Navy Secretary Richard V. Spencer said he would follow directions from the president on transgender people in the military but believes “ any patriot ” should be allowed to serve . Spencer , speaking

Prompt 2222:
The escalating threat arising from nuclear-armed North Korea ’ s recent series of missile tests is prompting South Korea to beef up its military muscle and experts warn it could spur an arms buildup elsewhere

Prompt 2223:
There is no military solution to the United States ’ dispute with North Korea , German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday , adding that a war of words between the two countries was the

Prompt 2224:
Foreign detainees in North Korea are reportedly being denied due process in court and being held in inhumane conditions , a United Nations investigator said on Friday . Tomas Ojea Quintana , U.N. special rapporteur

Prompt 2225:
A joint U.S.-South Korean military exercise will start on Aug. 21 as planned , the Pentagon said on Friday as the United States and North Korea traded threats of war . The annual joint military

Prompt 2226:
U.S. President Donald Trump issued another warning to North Korea on Friday with a reference to American weapons as being “ locked and loaded. ” “ Military solutions are now fully in place , locked

Prompt 2227:
President Donald Trump ’ s administration reiterated arguments defending its temporary travel ban in a filing with the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday , repeatedly citing the executive ’ s broad powers to exclude foreigners

Prompt 2228:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday thanked Russian President Vladimir Putin for ordering the United States to slash its diplomatic staff in Russia , remarks likely to rekindle criticism of Trump ’ s kid-gloves handling

Prompt 2229:
The White House plans to release a brief document in early- to mid-September outlining a framework for overhauling the U.S. tax code , according to three sources familiar with the matter . In a sign

Prompt 2230:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday an Obama-era experimental defense outpost in Silicon Valley would grow in importance under the Trump administration and that the nation ’ s technology entrepreneurs were vital to

Prompt 2231:
Four U.S. Senate Republicans from oil refining states urged the Trump administration on Thursday to not block oil shipments from Venezuela as part of U.S. sanctions against the country , saying it could raise costs

Prompt 2232:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday he has not given any thought to the possibility of firing special counsel Robert Mueller , who is investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia .

Prompt 2233:
Paul Manafort , President Donald Trump ’ s former campaign manager , has tapped a new legal team to represent him as government lawyers examine possible Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election ,

Prompt 2234:
During the first six months of the Trump presidency , the Environmental Protection Agency has lagged behind three previous administrations in environmental enforcement , collecting 60 percent less in civil penalties from polluters , a

Prompt 2235:
A U.S. district judge in Austin has rejected an effort by Texas to have a law that would punish so-called sanctuary cities be declared constitutional ahead of the measure taking effect next month . The

Prompt 2236:
President Donald Trump attacked his own party ’ s Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell , for a second day on Thursday , complaining from the steps of his private New Jersey golf club about

Prompt 2237:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday declared the opioid epidemic a national emergency and said his administration was drafting papers to make it official . “ The opioid crisis is an emergency and I ’

Prompt 2238:
The U.S. government is seeking public comments for a review of tough U.S. vehicle fuel-efficiency standards put in place by the Obama administration , the Department of Transportation and the Environmental Protection Agency said on

Prompt 2239:
President Donald Trump said on Thursday he was very close to making a decision on the U.S. military effort in Afghanistan , which is undergoing a review and could see an increase in troop strength

Prompt 2240:
Oklahoma ’ s Supreme Court declared a fee on cigarettes unconstitutional on Thursday , citing faulty lawmaking practices , prompting the state ’ s governor to suggest calling back the legislature to find a solution

Prompt 2241:
A plan by President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans to slash taxes on so-called pass-through businesses is testing lawmakers ’ ability to design rules to prevent wealthy people from dodging taxes by paying a lower

Prompt 2242:
President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans , fresh from their failed push to repeal Obamacare , are now tackling a project that has eluded Washington for 30 years - tax reform . Tax staffers are

Prompt 2243:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2244:
Global warming helped fuel the hottest year on record in 2016 , with greenhouse gas concentrations reaching a new high , a U.S. government report released on Thursday said . The report from the National

Prompt 2245:
The White House said on Thursday that President Donald Trump had appointed Neil Chatterjee as chair of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission . Last week the Senate confirmed Chatterjee and Robert Powelson as members of

Prompt 2246:
Cuba said on Wednesday it was investigating allegations by the United States that unspecified “ incidents ” caused physical symptoms in Americans serving at the U.S. Embassy in Havana , after two Washington-based Cuban diplomats

Prompt 2247:
Cuba ’ s government said on Wednesday it would never allow actions against diplomats and their families on the island , after the U.S. State Department reported “ incidents ” had caused physical symptoms in

Prompt 2248:
A raid on the Virginia home of President Donald Trump ’ s former 2016 election campaign manager showed an investigation of possible ties between the campaign and Russia is intensifying and focused on the financial

Prompt 2249:
President Donald Trump ’ s vow to respond with “ fire and fury ” if North Korea persisted in threatening the United States caught his foreign policy and military aides by surprise , two administration

Prompt 2250:
Under a plan announced on Wednesday by the mayor ’ s office , Chicago would create a new entity to issue bonds backed by city ’ s share of Illinois sales tax collections in an

Prompt 2251:
A judge has decided to delay ruling on whether federal corruption charges against Senator Bob Menendez of New Jersey should be dismissed , clearing the way for the Democrat ’ s trial to begin as

Prompt 2252:
President Donald Trump ’ s leading choice to run the Federal Trade Commission is a Washington lawyer who served at the agency as a top official under President George W. Bush , a person briefed

Prompt 2253:
A group of U.S. senators from both parties on Wednesday turned up the heat on Wells Fargo Inc. over its latest scandal , in which hundreds of thousands of car-loan borrowers were charged each month

Prompt 2254:
A Texas bill that would restrict insurance coverage for abortions was approved by the state ’ s Republican-controlled House of Representatives on Wednesday , a move critics called cruel and damaging to women ’ s

Prompt 2255:
Five transgender members of the U.S. military including Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans sued President Donald Trump on Wednesday , challenging his ban on transgender people serving in the armed forces . Trump said on

Prompt 2256:
The chairman of a congressional committee has asked the U.S. National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) to explain why its National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) failed to publish data that showed no links

Prompt 2257:
The No . 2 U.S. diplomat on Tuesday sought to allay concerns among the State Department ’ s rank-and-file employees over possible layoffs and perceptions of a lack of firm direction under the administration of

Prompt 2258:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2259:
President Donald Trump promised to win the fight against a U.S. epidemic of opioid drug use , but offered no new steps to do so and did not act on a recommendation made by a

Prompt 2260:
Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore suggested on Tuesday that the presidency of Donald Trump could end prematurely for “ ethical reasons , ” drawing laughter from a packed movie theater at the European premiere

Prompt 2261:
The U.S. House of Representatives is unlikely to raise the country ’ s debt ceiling without conditions to rein in spending , a Republican lawmaker said on Tuesday , raising the specter of another potential

Prompt 2262:
South Carolina is suing the U.S. government to recover $ 100 million in fines it says the Department of Energy owes the state for failing to remove one metric ton of plutonium stored there ,

Prompt 2263:
U.S. diplomats should sidestep questions from foreign governments on what it would take for the Trump administration to re-engage in the global Paris climate agreement , according to a diplomatic cable seen by Reuters .

Prompt 2264:
The Trump administration has reversed an Obama administration stance and will support Ohio in its bid at the U.S. Supreme Court to revive a state policy of purging people from voter-registration lists if they do

Prompt 2265:
Only a small number of U.S. tax , finance and business professionals expect President Donald Trump ’ s 15-percent corporate tax rate to become reality as part of tax reform , according to a Deloitte

Prompt 2266:
With the Trump administration ’ s trade agenda focused on reining in China and renegotiating the North American Free Trade agreement , Africa has barely appeared on the radar screen . That could change this

Prompt 2267:
The U.S. Department of the Interior said on Monday it has rescinded an Obama-era rule that reformed how energy companies value sales of oil , gas and coal extracted from federal and tribal land to

Prompt 2268:
Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner said on Monday he was holding off issuance of up to $ 6 billion of bonds to help pay down the state ’ s more than $ 14 billion in overdue

Prompt 2269:
Chicago on Monday sued to prevent the Trump administration from enforcing new policies that would withhold money from so-called sanctuary cities that deny U.S. immigration officials access to local jails . The lawsuit , filed

Prompt 2270:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Sunday denied that he is preparing for a presidential election run in 2020 , saying the suggestion is “ disgraceful and offensive. ” Pence was responding to a New

Prompt 2271:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2272:
U.S. health insurer Anthem Inc ( ANTM.N ) said on Monday it will no longer offer Obamacare plans in Nevada ’ s state exchange and will stop offering the plans in nearly half of Georgia

Prompt 2273:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Monday he believes Washington and Russia can find a way to ease tensions , saying it wouldn ’ t be useful to cut ties over the single

Prompt 2274:
Russia ’ s ban on imported foodstuffs from the West may have caused a headache for European farmers , but it has played right into the hands of Russian cheese producers gladly filling the lucrative

Prompt 2275:
Preet Bharara , the former U.S. Attorney in Manhattan who became a scourge of Wall Street wrongdoers before President Donald Trump fired him in March , will soon have a new outlet to voice his

Prompt 2276:
Russia will speed up work on reducing dependency on U.S. payment systems and the dollar as a settling currency , RIA news agency cited Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying on Monday . It

Prompt 2277:
Since taking office , U.S. President Donald Trump has shown an affinity , and perhaps even a deference , to the generals he has surrounded himself with in his Cabinet and at the White House

Prompt 2278:
Chicago will sue the Trump administration on Monday over threats to withhold public safety grant money from so-called sanctuary cities , escalating a pushback against a federal immigration crackdown , Mayor Rahm Emanuel announced on

Prompt 2279:
Wayde van Niekerk duly qualified for the World Championship 400 meters final on Sunday but the defending champion and world record holder looks to have a real battle on his hands after some searing semi-final

Prompt 2280:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Sunday he believed his U.S. colleagues were ready to continue dialogue with Moscow on complex issues despite bilateral tensions . Lavrov , who met U.S. Secretary of State

Prompt 2281:
One of the top officials at the U.S. Justice Department said Sunday that the agency ’ s heightened focus on policing leaks of classified information is not intended to put journalists in legal jeopardy .

Prompt 2282:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Sunday he believed his U.S. colleagues were ready to continue dialogue with Moscow on complex issues despite bilateral tensions and the imposition of fresh U.S. sanctions against Russia

Prompt 2283:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has the unenviable task of exploring U.S.-Russian cooperation following Washington ’ s latest sanctions on Russia and Moscow ’ s expulsion of U.S. diplomats . Tillerson and Russian Foreign

Prompt 2284:
Late birdies from Thomas Pieters and Zach Johnson gave the duo a share of the lead after the third round of the World Golf Championship-Bridgestone Invitational on Saturday . Pieters , looking to become the

Prompt 2285:
The White House may appoint a senior policy adviser with hardline views on immigration , who recently sparred with reporters in a televised briefing , as its new communications director , a senior administration official

Prompt 2286:
Three military helicopters hovered over Anne Choi ’ s backyard , engaged in what appeared to be a drill ahead of President Donald Trump ’ s visit three weeks ago to this tranquil town of

Prompt 2287:
U.S. President Donald Trump reluctantly signed into law a sweeping sanctions bill against Russia , Iran and North Korea this week . As U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov

Prompt 2288:
Russia ’ s former ambassador to Washington , Sergei Kislyak , said on Saturday his conversations with former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn had been transparent and focused on matters of U.S.-Russia cooperation

Prompt 2289:
Investigators working for U.S. special counsel Robert Mueller , who is investigating whether President Donald Trump ’ s 2016 campaign colluded with Russia , have asked the White House for documents related to his former

Prompt 2290:
Puerto Rico ’ s federally appointed financial oversight board said on Friday it will institute a two-day per month work furlough for government employees , but a defiant Governor Ricardo Rossello rejected the measure out

Prompt 2291:
The United Nations Security Council is set to vote on Saturday on a U.S.-drafted resolution that aims to slash by a third North Korea ’ s $ 3 billion annual export revenue over Pyongyang ’

Prompt 2292:
Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives are pushing to hold Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Director Richard Cordray in contempt of Congress for refusing to respond sufficiently to congressional subpoenas . A report released on

Prompt 2293:
The U.S. State Department has officially informed the United Nations it will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement in a document issued on Friday , but left the door open to re-engaging if the terms

Prompt 2294:
Donald Trump ’ s choice of a general as chief of staff has quickly brought more order to the White House and is giving the president more time to ponder decisions as he tries to

Prompt 2295:
Illinois fought on Friday against a potential court order it contends could cost the state , which just ended an unprecedented budget impasse , as much as an additional $ 1 billion annually to care

Prompt 2296:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions , taking up an issue that has infuriated Republican President Donald Trump , went on the attack against leaks on Friday , warning of a possible crackdown both on reporters

Prompt 2297:
While one focus of the leak crackdown announced on Friday by U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is on journalists who receive leaked information , another is on suspected leakers . Republican President Donald Trump has

Prompt 2298:
The Trump administration is considering reducing the annual $ 1 million mortgage deduction cap for U.S. homeowners as a part of its broader tax reform , despite earlier promises to protect the tax advantage ,

Prompt 2299:
Airline Lufthansa said on Friday it had changed its flight routes to Japan because of North Korean missile tests . Lufthansa Group , which owns Swiss , Lufthansa , and Lufthansa Cargo , had already

Prompt 2300:
The Interior Department ’ s inspector general said it would investigate a reported threat by the agency ’ s head , Ryan Zinke , against Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski ’ s state of Alaska last

Prompt 2301:
A grand jury has issued subpoenas in connection with a June 2016 meeting that included President Donald Trump ’ s son , his son-in-law and a Russian lawyer , two sources told Reuters on Thursday

Prompt 2302:
When President Donald Trump scolded U.S. lawmakers on Thursday for clamping down on Moscow with new sanctions , his message clashed with the one that Vice President Mike Pence pushed during a four-day trip this

Prompt 2303:
The United States could shortly broaden talks on a push for stronger U.N. sanctions on North Korea to include all 15 Security Council members , signaling a likely deal with China on new measures ,

Prompt 2304:
The Trump administration moved on Thursday to make permanent a new questionnaire that asks some U.S. visa applicants to provide their social media handles and detailed biographical and travel history , according to a public

Prompt 2305:
A U.S. Senate committee approved a bill on Thursday that would cut off $ 300 million in annual U.S. aid to the Palestinian Authority unless it stops making what lawmakers described as payments that reward

Prompt 2306:
Republican and Democratic senators introduced two pieces of legislation on Thursday seeking to block President Donald Trump from firing the special counsel probing his ties to Russia , as Congress increasingly seeks to assert its

Prompt 2307:
The Kremlin said on Friday it fully agreed with U.S. President Donald Trump who said in a Twitter message that Washington ’ s “ relationship with Russia is at an all-time and very dangerous low

Prompt 2308:
West Virginia Governor Jim Justice , standing next to President Donald Trump at a rally on Thursday night , announced that he was changing political parties , ditching the Democrats and joining Trump ’ s

Prompt 2309:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2310:
President Donald Trump pressured the Mexican president to stop voicing opposition in public to his plan to have Mexico pay for a border wall , according to transcripts of phone calls published on Thursday that

Prompt 2311:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2312:
The U.S. Senate on Thursday unanimously confirmed two nominees to serve on the Federal Communications Commission as the Trump administration looks to reverse many Obama-era telecommunications regulations . Brendan Carr , a Republican who is

Prompt 2313:
The U.S. Senate on Thursday confirmed Neil Chatterjee and Robert Powelson as members of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , restoring a quorum to the agency . “ After six months , we have finally

Prompt 2314:
The U.S. Senate on Thursday confirmed former congressman Mark Green as President Donald Trump ’ s choice to lead the U.S. Agency for International Development at a time the administration is proposing cuts in foreign

Prompt 2315:
Grand jury subpoenas have been issued in connection with a June 2016 meeting that included President Donald Trump ’ s son , his son-in-law and a Russian lawyer , two sources told Reuters on Thursday

Prompt 2316:
A five-week summer break might sound sweet to many people , but maybe not to the 292 Republicans in Congress who leave Washington with none of their major legislative goals achieved after six months in

Prompt 2317:
The U.S. Senate voted on Thursday to confirm two Republicans and one Democrat to serve on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , the top U.S derivatives regulator . In a voice vote , the Senate

Prompt 2318:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will discuss the current state of relations between Moscow and Washington at a meeting in Manila next week , the Russian Foreign Ministry

Prompt 2319:
Accusations made by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence that Russia is working to divide the Balkans from the West are destabilizing southern Europe and expose Washington ’ s Cold War mentality , the Russian Foreign

Prompt 2320:
Grand jury subpoenas have been issued in connection with the June 2016 meeting between Donald Trump Jr. , a Russian lawyer and others , two sources familiar with the matter told Reuters on Thursday .

Prompt 2321:
The U.S. Senate on Thursday confirmed five of President Donald Trump ’ s U.S. Treasury nominees , including the top officials for international affairs and tax policy , easing a shortage of top political appointees

Prompt 2322:
U.S. cities that refuse to step up efforts to focus on crimes committed by illegal immigrants will not be allowed to participate in a new crime reduction training program unveiled earlier this year by the

Prompt 2323:
Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington to investigate allegations of Russia ’ s interference in the 2016 elections , the Wall Street Journal said on Thursday , citing two unnamed

Prompt 2324:
The 100 Democratic women who packed into a suburban Maryland conference room recently for a one-day training on how to run for political office were more than activists eager to battle President Donald Trump and

Prompt 2325:
Shortly after his inauguration , U.S. President Donald Trump urged Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto to stop saying Mexico would not pay for a border wall , according to a transcript of a call between

Prompt 2326:
White House budget director Mick Mulvaney has disclosed that the entire Trump administration is now on board with a “ clean ” debt ceiling increase , without spending cuts , a CNBC reporter said on

Prompt 2327:
The U.S. Senate on Thursday passed a bill allowing the Food and Drug Administration to continue collecting fees from drug companies to review new product applications . The FDA Reauthorization Act renews an existing law

Prompt 2328:
President Donald Trump ’ s doubts about the war in Afghanistan has led to a delay in completing a new U.S. strategy in South Asia , skepticism that included a suggestion that the U.S. military

Prompt 2329:
After a crackdown on illegal immigration that has sharply reduced the number of unauthorized border crossings from Mexico , U.S. President Donald Trump is now turning his attention to reducing the number of legal immigrants

Prompt 2330:
U.S. President Donald Trump grudgingly signed into law new sanctions against Russia on Wednesday , a move Moscow said amounted to a full-scale trade war and an end to hopes for better ties with the

Prompt 2331:
New U.S. sanctions imposed on Russia will do no harm to Russia ’ s pipeline monopoly Transneft , Transneft CEO Nikolai Tokarev said on Thursday , echoing a similar optimistic statement by the head of

Prompt 2332:
New U.S. sanctions imposed on Russia will have negative consequences for the United States and backfire on U.S. energy majors , Igor Sechin , chief executive officer of Russia ’ s largest oil producer Rosneft

Prompt 2333:
Three top Democratic senators , in a rare show of bipartisanship , on Wednesday urged U.S. President Donald Trump to stand up to China as he prepares to launch an inquiry into Beijing ’ s

Prompt 2334:
New White House Chief of Staff John Kelly told Attorney General Jeff Sessions last weekend that his job was safe after Sessions endured several weeks of sharp public criticism from President Donald Trump , a

Prompt 2335:
The U.S. administration is putting its support behind a bill that would reduce the number of legal immigrants into the United States and prioritize high-skilled workers by setting up a merits-based system similar to those

Prompt 2336:
Republican lawmakers must deliver tax legislation to President Donald Trump ’ s desk before December or lose their chance to enact bold reforms capable of driving the U.S. economy , a leading Republican conservative said

Prompt 2337:
A ban on travel by U.S. passport holders to North Korea will take effect on Sept. 1 and Americans in the country should leave before that date , the U.S. State Department said on Wednesday

Prompt 2338:
Officials from President Donald Trump ’ s administration are willing to work with Congress as it attempts to pass a new authorization for military operations against Islamic State , U.S. senators said on Wednesday .

Prompt 2339:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will press China and other Asian countries to take tougher action against North Korea when he attends regional meetings in Manila starting this week , a senior U.S. official

Prompt 2340:
Democratic and Republican U.S. governors on Wednesday urged the Trump administration , as well as Congress , to continue funding payments to health insurance companies that make Obamacare plans affordable , calling it critical to

Prompt 2341:
Former FBI Director James Comey , who was fired by U.S. President Donald Trump , has signed a deal for a book on leadership and decision-making that will come out in spring 2018 , the

Prompt 2342:
The European Union ’ s chief executive on Wednesday said the United States had taken into account some EU concerns over new sanctions on Russia but Brussels was ready to retaliate within days if the

Prompt 2343:
Russia may impose counter-measures on the United States after U.S. President Donald Trump signed into law a new round of economic sanctions on Moscow , the Russian foreign ministry said on Wednesday . The new

Prompt 2344:
New sanctions on Russia which U.S. President Donald Trump has signed into law are tantamount to a “ full-scale trade war ” , Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Wednesday . Medvedev also said

Prompt 2345:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions unveiled on Wednesday a plan to go after doctors and pharmacies suspected of healthcare fraud by over-prescribing and unbridled distribution of addictive pain medications known as opioids . In a

Prompt 2346:
President Donald Trump may tap U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry to replace former Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly , who took over as White House chief of staff this week , Bloomberg News reported on

Prompt 2347:
New U.S. sanctions imposed on Russia are inevitably harming bilateral relations but will not change Russian policy , Russia ’ s United Nations Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said on Wednesday . “ Some U.S. officials were

Prompt 2348:
House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi expressed concern on Wednesday about Republican President Donald Trump ’ s statement on the Russia sanctions law , saying it raises concerns about whether he intends to follow

Prompt 2349:
President Donald Trump on Wednesday called the Russia sanctions legislation he signed into law “ significantly flawed ” and urged Congress to not use the measure to hinder U.S. efforts to resolve the Ukraine conflict

Prompt 2350:
U.S. President Donald Trump is close to a decision on how to respond to what he considers China ’ s unfair trade practices , a senior Trump administration official said on Tuesday . Trump is

Prompt 2351:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2352:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson acknowledged on Tuesday that he and President Donald Trump disagree over the 2015 Iran nuclear deal , and said the two men discuss how to use the international agreement

Prompt 2353:
President Donald Trump grudgingly accepted new congressional sanctions on Russia , the top U.S. diplomat said on Tuesday , remarks in contrast with those of Vice President Mike Pence , who said the bill showed

Prompt 2354:
The Kremlin said on Wednesday it is hearing contradictory statements from the White House on new sanctions on Russia that have been approved by the U.S. Congress . U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson ’

Prompt 2355:
Sean Spicer still plans to leave the White House in late August , a senior White House official said on Tuesday , ending speculation that he might stay on after the firing of former communications

Prompt 2356:
A U.S. appeals court on Tuesday allowed Democratic state attorneys general to defend subsidy payments to insurance companies under the Obamacare healthcare law , a critical part of funding for the statute that President Donald

Prompt 2357:
Eight U.S. Senate Democrats questioned on Tuesday whether they could trust President Donald Trump ’ s nominee for the top job at the U.S. Export-Import Bank to support renewing the trade lender ’ s charter

Prompt 2358:
A former U.S. Justice Department official has become the latest lawyer to join special counsel Robert Mueller ’ s team investigating Russia ’ s interference in the 2016 presidential election , a spokesman for the

Prompt 2359:
U.S . Senator Lamar Alexander on Tuesday made the first move by a senior Republican to work with Democrats on repairing Obamacare after his party failed to repeal and replace the healthcare law , announcing

Prompt 2360:
U.S. health insurer Anthem Inc is pulling back from 16 of 19 pricing regions in California where it offered Obamacare options this year , state officials said on Tuesday . The move , which takes

Prompt 2361:
The U.S. Senate on Tuesday confirmed former Justice Department lawyer Christopher Wray as FBI chief , nearly three months after the agency ’ s previous director , James Comey , was fired by President Donald

Prompt 2362:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson last month tightened his control over the State Department by taking back powers previously held by the top career foreign service officer , an action critics said would delay

Prompt 2363:
Democratic lawmakers pushed on Tuesday for another chance to question Wells Fargo & Co ’ s ( WFC.N ) leadership about sales practices after the scandal-hit bank said it forced auto insurance on borrowers who

Prompt 2364:
A single , short electronic message can land a U.S. lawmaker in heaps of trouble , even when it does not include lewd photos or inappropriate language . The U.S. House of Representatives Committee on

Prompt 2365:
U.S. President Donald Trump ousted recently hired White House communications chief Anthony Scaramucci on Monday over an obscene tirade , sources familiar with the decision said , in the latest staff upheaval for the six-month-old

Prompt 2366:
A few hours after President Donald Trump said there was no chaos in the White House , the administration announced on Monday that Anthony Scaramucci was leaving his job as communications director after a little

Prompt 2367:
U.S. President Donald Trump sent a Twitter message bragging about corporate America ’ s high profits under his presidency on Tuesday , prompting critics to say he was undercutting Republican arguments in favor of a

Prompt 2368:
A leading Senate Democrat on Tuesday accused U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions of concealing policy recommendations that could change how the Justice Department enforces laws on illegal immigration , drug trafficking and violent crime .

Prompt 2369:
The White House said on Tuesday that U.S. President Donald Trump had a role in producing a statement in which his son denied that a meeting he had with a Russian lawyer was related to

Prompt 2370:
U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Tuesday said the debate over raising the country ’ s debt ceiling could stretch into September and he sought bipartisan support for the legislation to prevent a government

Prompt 2371:
Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner on Tuesday blocked hundreds of millions of new state dollars from going to cash-strapped Chicago Public Schools ( CPS ) by rewriting parts of a state school-funding overhaul bill , potentially

Prompt 2372:
The chairman of the U.S. Senate health committee on Tuesday urged U.S. President Donald Trump to drop his threat to cut government subsidy payments to insurers that make Obamacare plans affordable and allow the payments

Prompt 2373:
The White House said on Tuesday it believes it is important for Congress to raise the U.S. federal debt ceiling promptly . “ To ensure that we have robust economic growth and promote fiscal discipline

Prompt 2374:
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie said on Tuesday they will replace two top executives at the powerful bi-state agency that controls many of the region ’ s most critical

Prompt 2375:
Mexico has set out its goals for an upcoming re-negotiation of the NAFTA trade accord , according to a document seen by Reuters on Tuesday , prioritizing free access for goods and services , greater

Prompt 2376:
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration ’ s acting director criticized President Donald Trump for telling law enforcement officers not to be “ too nice ” to suspects , urging DEA agents to show “ respect

Prompt 2377:
The top Democrat in the U.S. Senate called on President Donald Trump on Tuesday to block some Chinese investments in the United States to pressure China “ to help rein in North Korea ’ s

Prompt 2378:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will travel to the Philippines , Thailand and Malaysia Aug. 5 to Aug. 9 , the State Department said on Tuesday . Tillerson will participate in meetings of diplomats

Prompt 2379:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2380:
Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker proposed a bill on Tuesday to allow police and courts to hold people facing deportation orders in custody for extra time to allow them to be turned over to federal immigration

Prompt 2381:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Tuesday that relations with Russia would not improve until Moscow changed its stance on Ukraine and withdrew support for “ regimes like Iran and Syria and North Korea

Prompt 2382:
U.S. President Donald Trump dictated a statement , later shown to be misleading , in which his son Donald Trump Jr. said a meeting he had with a Russian lawyer in June 2016 was not

Prompt 2383:
A bipartisan group of U.S. senators on Tuesday plans to introduce legislation seeking to address vulnerabilities in computing devices embedded in everyday objects - known in the tech industry as the “ internet of things

Prompt 2384:
The U.S. embassy in Moscow accused Russian authorities on Monday of barring diplomatic staff from a property on the outskirts of Moscow , after having earlier agreed to grant access until midday on Tuesday for

Prompt 2385:
Four years ago , Frances Broaddus-Crutchfield , 74 , gave $ 500 to the campaign of Virginia ’ s Democratic Attorney General Mark Herring . This election cycle , the lifelong Democrat who lives on

Prompt 2386:
Connecticut lawmakers narrowly approved a new labor contract with public employees on Monday that is expected to save the state at least $ 1.2 billion - largely through pension concessions - and could clear the

Prompt 2387:
U.S. President Donald Trump took aim at insurers on Monday in an escalating threat to cut the healthcare subsidy payments that make Obamacare plans affordable , after repeatedly urging Republican senators to keep working to

Prompt 2388:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2389:
Anthony Scaramucci ’ s swift exit as U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s communications director on Monday has no bearing on the pending sale of the firm he founded , SkyBridge Capital , parties involved

Prompt 2390:
U.S. President Donald Trump felt Anthony Scaramucci , whom he fired as his communications chief on Monday , made inappropriate comments to The New Yorker magazine , the White House said . “ The president

Prompt 2391:
U.S. immigration authorities signed deals on Monday with 18 of Texas ’ 254 counties to expand a program that allows jailers at local sheriffs ’ offices to cooperate with federal authorities in immigration enforcement .

Prompt 2392:
U.S . Senator Rand Paul said he spoke to President Donald Trump by phone about healthcare reform on Monday and told the president he thought Trump had the authority to create associations that would allow

Prompt 2393:
Chicago will continue to shrink its structural budget deficit in 2017 and 2018 , but faces new pension funding pressures starting in 2020 , according to a financial analysis released by the city on Monday

Prompt 2394:
A U.S. congressional committee on Monday asked for input from Google parent Alphabet Inc ( GOOGL.O ) , Facebook Inc ( FB.O ) , Comcast Corp ( CMCSA.O ) , Amazon.com Inc ( AMZN.O )

Prompt 2395:
U.S. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said on Monday that senators for now are too divided to keep working on healthcare overhaul legislation and that he and other senior Republicans will take that message

Prompt 2396:
Congressional Republicans and the Trump administration face a challenge reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 25 percent , let alone to the 15 percent rate sought by President Donald Trump , the Senate

Prompt 2397:
The Wisconsin governor ordered the state legislature back into special session on Tuesday to consider an incentive package that would award Taiwanese electronics manufacturer Foxconn $ 3 billion over 15 years in mostly cash incentives

Prompt 2398:
The White House said on Monday that Anthony Scaramucci , named by President Donald Trump as communications director only 10 days ago , was leaving the post . The change comes days after Scaramucci delivered

Prompt 2399:
A new U.S. rule aimed at restoring consumers ’ ability to band together to sue financial companies has survived its first challenge , as a top banking regulator on Monday said he would not petition

Prompt 2400:
President Donald Trump , who has been criticized for not doing enough to help pass health care legislation , will do more traveling to try to drum up support for tax legislation , a senior

Prompt 2401:
Republican U.S . Senator John McCain said on Monday he would offer a plan for a U.S. strategy in the war in Afghanistan as an amendment to a defense authorization bill in September . “

Prompt 2402:
U.S. President Donald Trump has decided to remove Anthony Scaramucci from his job as communications director , the New York Times reported on Monday , citing three unidentified people close to the decision . News

Prompt 2403:
President Donald Trump is committed to overhauling the U.S. tax code before the end of 2017 , a top White House economic advisor said on Monday . “ The president is 100 percent committed to

Prompt 2404:
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie confronted a baseball fan who heckled him during a Sunday night game in Milwaukee , according to a video posted by local media , making the unpopular governor the target

Prompt 2405:
Republicans on Sunday urged President Donald Trump ’ s new chief of staff John Kelly to rein in the chaos within the White House on Monday but said the retired Marine Corps general will be

Prompt 2406:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Monday assured the Baltic states of U.S. support if they faced aggression from Russia , telling them that Washington firmly backs NATO ’ s doctrine of collective defense .

Prompt 2407:
A majority of Americans are ready to move on from healthcare reform at this point after the U.S. Senate ’ s effort to dismantle Obamacare failed on Friday , according to an exclusive Reuters/Ipsos opinion

Prompt 2408:
U.S. President Donald Trump and members of his administration on Sunday goaded Republican senators to stick with trying to pass a healthcare bill , after the lawmakers failed spectacularly last week to muster the votes

Prompt 2409:
An outside adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump called on Sunday for the firing of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau director Richard Cordray . Corey Lewandowski , Trump ’ s former campaign manager who still speaks

Prompt 2410:
U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said on Sunday that it was his department ’ s job to follow the law on the Affordable Care Act , former President Obama ’ s signature

Prompt 2411:
U.S. President Donald Trump threatened on Saturday to end government payments to health insurers if Congress does not pass a new healthcare bill and goaded them to not abandon their seven-year quest to replace the

Prompt 2412:
President Donald Trump replaced his beleaguered White House chief of staff , Reince Priebus , after only six months on the job on Friday , installing retired General John Kelly in his place in a

Prompt 2413:
As fellow Republicans labored to repeal Obamacare this week , U.S. President Donald Trump repeatedly swerved off-topic , escalating concerns in his party about his ability to govern the country six months after taking office

Prompt 2414:
A majority of Americans believe that transgender individuals should be allowed to serve in the military , according to an exclusive Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Friday . The July 26-28 poll suggested that the

Prompt 2415:
U.S. President Donald Trump will sign legislation that imposes sanctions on Russia , the White House said on Friday , after Moscow ordered the United States to cut hundreds of diplomatic staff and said it

Prompt 2416:
The Russian central bank held its key interest rate unchanged at 9 percent on Friday , citing geopolitical risks and inflationary pressures , but it indicated rate cuts would follow in the coming months .

Prompt 2417:
Russia is ready to normalize relations with the United States and to cooperate on major global issues , Moscow ’ s Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a phone

Prompt 2418:
Russian President Vladimir Putin tossed President-elect Donald Trump a bouquet in December when he chose not to retaliate for the U.S. expulsion of Russian diplomats and seizure of Russian diplomatic compounds . The honeymoon is

Prompt 2419:
The seven-year Republican quest to scrap Obamacare , a major campaign vow by President Donald Trump , lay in ruins on Friday after the Senate failed to dismantle the healthcare law , with congressional leaders

Prompt 2420:
Reince Priebus , who was replaced on Friday as White House chief of staff , is the latest in a string of officials who have left or been pushed out of U.S. President Donald Trump

Prompt 2421:
The Teamsters union on Friday praised House lawmakers for keeping self-driving commercial trucks out of a proposed bill aimed at speeding deployment of the advanced technology for cars . The U.S. House Energy and Committee

Prompt 2422:
A massive image of U.S. President Donald Trump as an alien intruder now towers above one of the busiest roads in Mexico City urging motorists to “ Make America Great Again. ” The gaudy billboard

Prompt 2423:
With Republican efforts to dismantle Obamacare in disarray , hundreds of U.S. counties are at risk of losing access to private health coverage in 2018 as insurers consider pulling out of those markets in the

Prompt 2424:
The U.S. government on Friday gave companies an extra year to comply with an Obama-era regulation meant to crack down on corporations that try to minimize their U.S. tax bills by shifting profits abroad to

Prompt 2425:
President Donald Trump on Friday replaced his White House chief of staff , Reince Priebus , installing retired General John Kelly in his place in a major shakeup of his top team . Trump announced

Prompt 2426:
Republican U.S. lawmakers said on Friday they expected Washington would announce more sanctions on Venezuela if its government proceeds with an effort to elect a legislative body that critics call a plan to create a

Prompt 2427:
U.S . Senator Elizabeth Warren called on Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen to remove members of Wells Fargo & Co ’ s board after revelations the company improperly charged customers for auto insurance . In

Prompt 2428:
Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker on Friday signed a bill raising the tax on retail sales of recreational marijuana to 20 percent , up from the 12 percent rate proposed in a successful 2016 ballot initiative

Prompt 2429:
A U.S. congressional panel this week asked 22 government agencies to share documents on Moscow-based cyber firm Kaspersky Lab , saying its products could be used to carry out “ nefarious activities against the United

Prompt 2430:
U.S. President Donald Trump expressed dismay on Friday that the Senate tried to repeal his predecessor ’ s healthcare program overnight but failed to do so , saying lawmakers had been working on it for

Prompt 2431:
In the end , it was a simple hand gesture - Senator John McCain pointing his right index finger in a downward motion to register a no vote - that ruined his party ’ s

Prompt 2432:
U.S . Senator John McCain , who was diagnosed with brain cancer , is returning home to Arizona for medical treatment at the Mayo Clinic , McCain ’ s office said on Friday . “

Prompt 2433:
A U.S. appeals court ruled on Friday that an Arkansas law restricting the use of the so-called abortion pill could proceed , overturning a lower court ’ s decision in 2015 that blocked the law

Prompt 2434:
TransCanada Corp , Canada ’ s No.2 pipeline operator , will make a final investment decision on its Keystone XL project by December , the company said on Friday as it reported a better-than-expected profit

Prompt 2435:
U.S. Representative John Delaney became the first Democrat to formally enter the 2020 presidential campaign to challenge Republican President Donald Trump - more than 1,100 days before the election . “ The current administration is

Prompt 2436:
U.S . Senator John McCain , who bucked Republican leadership to help quash a healthcare measure in an overnight vote , said on Friday it was time for Republicans and Democrats to work together for

Prompt 2437:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2438:
U.S. Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said on Friday he hoped Congress had reached a turning point on efforts to repeal Obamacare and it was time for the parties to work together to stabilize the

Prompt 2439:
( In this July 27 story , paragraph 5 corrects to say midscale brands have been announced over the past year and a half . In paragraph 12 corrects description of IHG brand to Holiday

Prompt 2440:
House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Friday he was disappointed with the Senate ’ s failure to pass healthcare legislation but urged Republican senators not to give up as their colleagues in the

Prompt 2441:
The Trump administration told a U.S. appeals court that federal law does not ban discrimination against gay employees , a sharp reversal of the position former President Barack Obama took on a key civil rights

Prompt 2442:
U.S. House of Representatives Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi urged Republicans to establish a process to move forward on improvements to Obamacare on Friday after their healthcare reform effort failed in the Senate . “ We

Prompt 2443:
The U.S . Ambassador to Moscow , John Tefft , has “ expressed his strong disappointment and protest ” over Russia ’ s decision to cut U.S. diplomatic staff in Moscow and seize a dacha

Prompt 2444:
Open warfare erupted inside President Donald Trump ’ s inner circle as his new communications director , Anthony Scaramucci , attacked senior White House colleagues in obscene comments published on Thursday . Scaramucci blasted White

Prompt 2445:
The U.S. Pacific Fleet commander , addressing a security conference in Australia , said in answer to a question on Thursday that he would be prepared to launch a nuclear strike on China if President

Prompt 2446:
The U.S. Senate voted almost unanimously on Thursday to slap new sanctions on Russia , putting President Donald Trump in a tough position by forcing him to take a hard line on Moscow or veto

Prompt 2447:
Senate Republicans released their “ skinny bill ” that would repeal some of Obamacare late on Thursday , just hours before they were expected to vote on the legislation . Many Republican lawmakers said they

Prompt 2448:
Senate Republicans passed a measure on Thursday that would permanently repeal Obamacare ’ s so-called Cadillac tax on high-cost employer-provided insurance without a single Democratic vote amid a broader debate to repeal the healthcare law

Prompt 2449:
U.S. Senate Republicans unveiled a so-called skinny Obamacare repeal bill on Thursday , hours before an expected vote could determine whether their latest effort to overturn the Affordable Care Act succeeds . The eight-page measure

Prompt 2450:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan assured five Republican senators on Thursday that if a healthcare bill passes the Senate , he will take it to a conference committee rather than have the House

Prompt 2451:
Kansas Governor Sam Brownback on Thursday shrugged off the political backlash and budget woes stirred by his aggressive tax-cutting policies at home as he looked forward to a new role as the Trump administration ’

Prompt 2452:
Best known as a New York hedge fund industry executive , Anthony Scaramucci , President Donald Trump ’ s incoming communications director , has stakes in a film company , a glitzy Manhattan steakhouse and

Prompt 2453:
The rifts inside President Donald Trump ’ s White House were on startling display on Thursday , as his new communications director urged Trump ’ s chief of staff to state publicly that he does

Prompt 2454:
U.S. lawmakers said on Thursday that Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told them he will defer to President Donald Trump on the timing of a decision on new steel import curbs , likely meaning further delays

Prompt 2455:
Three Republican U.S. senators warned Thursday they would not vote for a slimmed-down Obamacare repeal bill without guarantees that the House of Representatives will go into negotiations with the Senate on the measure . The

Prompt 2456:
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said on Thursday he is willing to go to a conference committee with the Senate if it passes a pared-down version of Obamacare repeal . Ryan said the

Prompt 2457:
U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s sudden decision to ban transgender personnel from serving in the military has alarmed some senior military officers who were caught off guard by it . Trump ’ s declaration

Prompt 2458:
A leading Democratic lawmaker on Thursday said he would ask federal officials to investigate reported threats by Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke regarding Alaska energy policy to retaliate against opposition from one of the state ’

Prompt 2459:
Two prominent U.S. Democratic senators are raising questions about President Donald Trump ’ s special adviser , Carl Icahn , asking in a letter on Thursday if the activist investor is attempting to persuade the

Prompt 2460:
Europe must be prepared to respond in kind if the United States ’ proposed new sanctions against Russia end up hurting its companies , an influential German industry association said on Thursday . U.S. lawmakers

Prompt 2461:
The Association of European Businesses ( AEB ) said on Thursday it was strongly concerned that proposed new U.S. sanctions touched especially the interests of European companies and European countries in energy and other sectors

Prompt 2462:
President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia would be forced to retaliate if Washington pressed ahead with what he called illegal new sanctions against Moscow , describing U.S. conduct towards his country as boorish

Prompt 2463:
President Donald Trump warned the administration of George W. Bush in 2004 that big U.S. bank mergers were “ totally out of control ” and should be stopped as they were forcing businesses to borrow

Prompt 2464:
The U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday approved a $ 68 billion increase in military spending next year with legislation that also provides money to start construction of President Donald Trump ’ s Mexican border

Prompt 2465:
Randal Quarles , U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s pick for banking oversight at the Federal Reserve , told lawmakers on Thursday he would ensure more transparency around how the central bank scrutinizes major lenders

Prompt 2466:
The U.S. Senate will vote on legislation imposing new sanctions on Russia , Iran and North Korea later on Thursday , Senator Mike Enzi said in remarks on the Senate floor . The measure has

Prompt 2467:
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions plans to announce soon several criminal investigations into intelligence leaks , news outlets reported on Wednesday , as the country ’ s top law enforcement official faced mounting criticism from

Prompt 2468:
U.S. President Donald Trump further stoked speculation about the fate of his attorney general , Jeff Sessions , on Wednesday by assailing him in a fresh round of tweets even as Sessions was attending meetings

Prompt 2469:
A proposed border tax in the House of Representatives was killed on Thursday , bringing relief to retailers and other large importers whose profits faced threats and removing a hurdle that had kept negotiations on

Prompt 2470:
The chief of staff of the U.S. Army , General Mark Milley , said on Thursday he had no advance knowledge of President Donald Trump ’ s decision to ban transgender individuals from the military

Prompt 2471:
U.S. Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill on Thursday expanded an investigation into the causes of the opioid crisis plaguing the country , seeking information from four more drugmakers and three drug distributors . The top-ranking Democrat

Prompt 2472:
The head of the Boy Scouts of America apologized to members of the youth organization on Thursday for the “ political rhetoric that was inserted ” into its national gathering this week by U.S. President

Prompt 2473:
Hillary Clinton ’ s memoir about her failed attempt to win last year ’ s U.S. presidential election will be called “ What Happened , ” a declaration rather than a question , her publisher

Prompt 2474:
Republican U.S. President Donald Trump ’ s efforts to renegotiate or scrap longstanding global trade deals are not protectionist and are more focused on winning better terms for American businesses , the top executive of

Prompt 2475:
The White House said on Thursday a lot of progress was being made on tax reform after the “ Big Six ” Republican tax negotiators made up of administration officials and congressional leaders issued a

Prompt 2476:
A top adviser on Middle East issues to U.S. President Donald Trump left the National Security Council on Thursday as the White House grapples with internal divisions as well as major policy issues involving Syria

Prompt 2477:
An influential U.S. House committee on Thursday approved a revised bipartisan bill on a 54-0 vote that would speed the deployment of self-driving cars without human controls and bar states from blocking autonomous vehicles .

Prompt 2478:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday the Trump administration may seek a provision to deter currency manipulation in the North American Free Trade Agreement as part of its planning for future free trade

Prompt 2479:
Three of President Donald Trump ’ s nominees to serve as commissioners on Wall Street ’ s top derivatives regulatory agency on Thursday pledged to work to complete rules that would restrict trading by market

Prompt 2480:
A California deputy attorney general has been charged with possessing child pornography at his San Diego County home following a months-long investigation , according to court records and local media . Raymond Liddy , 53

Prompt 2481:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2482:
U.S. lawmakers reached an agreement on Wednesday paving the way for the U.S. Senate to pass a bill as soon as this week to impose new sanctions on Russia and bar President Donald Trump from

Prompt 2483:
Russia risks being saddled with U.S. sanctions for decades , curbing economic growth and preventing it from regaining its status as a leading economic power , an adviser to President Vladimir Putin said in an

Prompt 2484:
President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would ban transgender people from the U.S. military , a move appealing to some in his conservative political base but creating uncertainty about the fate of thousands of

Prompt 2485:
Republican U.S. Senate leaders , struggling to keep a seven-year promise to end Obamacare , turned their focus on Wednesday to passing a slimmed-down “ skinny ” repeal measure that would throw the issue into

Prompt 2486:
U.S. President Donald Trump intends to nominate Republican Kansas Governor Sam Brownback as ambassador at large for international religious freedom , the White House said on Wednesday . Brownback , who previously served in both

Prompt 2487:
U.S. lawmakers reached an agreement on Wednesday that paves the way for the U.S. Senate to pass a bill as soon as this week to impose new sanctions on Russia , the chairman of the

Prompt 2488:
Congressional Republicans are ramping up discussions on overhauling the U.S. tax code that a prominent Republican anti-tax advocate said on Wednesday will produce a bill by September with a hefty corporate tax cut . Grover

Prompt 2489:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday that he was “ not going anywhere , ” denying news reports that he was considering leaving his post . “ I ’ m not going

Prompt 2490:
U.S. officials are discussing whether to withhold a portion of U.S. assistance to Egypt to protest Egyptian passage of a law that imposes restrictions on non-governmental organizations , a senior administration official said on Wednesday

Prompt 2491:
President Donald Trump ’ s announcement on Wednesday on banning transgender people from serving in the U.S. military unleashed a storm of legal threats from advocates who say they are seeking plaintiffs who want to

Prompt 2492:
After 13 years of military service that included deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan , Indiana National Guard reservist Cameron St. Andrew felt crushed on Wednesday by President Donald Trump ’ s decision to ban transgender

Prompt 2493:
A ruling by Massachusetts ’ top court could influence other state courts to rule that police can not detain illegal immigrants solely to give federal authorities time to take them into custody , state Attorney

Prompt 2494:
The mayor of Allentown , the third largest city in Pennsylvania , is among the latest officials charged in a long-running federal corruption investigation , according to indictments unsealed on Wednesday . Edwin Pawlowski ,

Prompt 2495:
U.S. banking rules must protect the financial system but they need “ some refinement , ” President Donald Trump ’ s nominee for the Federal Reserve ’ s top regulatory post told lawmakers on Wednesday

Prompt 2496:
U.S. lawmakers are near an agreement that would pave the way for the Senate to vote on legislation imposing new sanctions on Russia and Iran , the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said

Prompt 2497:
U.S . Congressman Steve Scalise , the No . 3 Republican leader in the House of Representatives who was shot and wounded last month , has been discharged from a hospital , the medical center

Prompt 2498:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin urged Congress on Wednesday to raise the federal debt limit before lawmakers start their August recess , to avoid higher interest costs to taxpayers and market uncertainty about a potential

Prompt 2499:
President Donald Trump ’ s decision to ban transgender individuals from serving in the U.S. armed forces was a military decision , and the White House will have to work with the Pentagon to decide

Prompt 2500:
U.S. President Donald Trump issued a veiled threat against Iran on Tuesday , warning Tehran to adhere to the terms of a nuclear deal with world powers or else face “ big , big problems.

Prompt 2501:
Two Reuters journalists who have been detained in Myanmar for the past two weeks were remanded in custody for a further two weeks on Wednesday as a probe continues into allegations they breached the nation

Prompt 2502:
Kuwait s deputy foreign minister said on Wednesday that the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council would continue to operate despite a row among three of its members and Qatar that it has unsuccessfully sought to mediate

Prompt 2503:
The United States has formally agreed to sell 12 Super Tucano A-29 planes and weapons to Nigeria , the West African country s air force said , confirming the resurrection of a deal frozen by

Prompt 2504:
Syrian rebels in a pocket of land near where the Syrian , Lebanese and Israeli borders meet are negotiating a deal with the government to leave for other insurgent-held areas , rebel officials there said

Prompt 2505:
U.S. President Donald Trump will host Norway s Prime Minister Erna Solberg in Washington next month to discuss various security and economic issues , the White House said on Wednesday . The two leaders will

Prompt 2506:
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said on Wednesday the failed launch of a 2.6 billion-rouble ( $ 44.95 million ) satellite last month was due to an embarrassing programming error . Russian space agency

Prompt 2507:
Libya put 142 illegal migrants on a flight back to Guinea on Wednesday with the help of the U.N. migration agency , officials said , as the North African country steps up deportations to ease

Prompt 2508:
The United States announced sanctions on two of North Korea s most prominent officials behind its ballistic missile program on Tuesday , while Russia reiterated an offer to mediate to ease tension between Washington and

Prompt 2509:
The United States and Russia have agreed to continue diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis over North Korea s development of nuclear missiles capable of hitting the United States and emphasized that neither accept Pyongyang

Prompt 2510:
Israel s ambassador to New Zealand on Wednesday appealed to the pop star Lorde to meet him after she canceled a show in Tel Aviv after appeals from activists for her to shun Israel as

Prompt 2511:
Two Reuters journalists who have been detained in Myanmar for the past two weeks were remanded in custody for a further two weeks on Wednesday as a probe continues into allegations they breached the nation

Prompt 2512:
Kuwait s deputy foreign minister said on Wednesday that the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council would continue to operate despite a row among three of its members and Qatar that it has unsuccessfully sought to mediate

Prompt 2513:
The United States has formally agreed to sell 12 Super Tucano A-29 planes and weapons to Nigeria , the West African country s air force said , confirming the resurrection of a deal frozen by

Prompt 2514:
Syrian rebels in a pocket of land near where the Syrian , Lebanese and Israeli borders meet are negotiating a deal with the government to leave for other insurgent-held areas , rebel officials there said

Prompt 2515:
U.S. President Donald Trump will host Norway s Prime Minister Erna Solberg in Washington next month to discuss various security and economic issues , the White House said on Wednesday . The two leaders will

Prompt 2516:
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said on Wednesday the failed launch of a 2.6 billion-rouble ( $ 44.95 million ) satellite last month was due to an embarrassing programming error . Russian space agency

Prompt 2517:
Libya put 142 illegal migrants on a flight back to Guinea on Wednesday with the help of the U.N. migration agency , officials said , as the North African country steps up deportations to ease

Prompt 2518:
The United States announced sanctions on two of North Korea s most prominent officials behind its ballistic missile program on Tuesday , while Russia reiterated an offer to mediate to ease tension between Washington and

Prompt 2519:
The United States and Russia have agreed to continue diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis over North Korea s development of nuclear missiles capable of hitting the United States and emphasized that neither accept Pyongyang

Prompt 2520:
Israel s ambassador to New Zealand on Wednesday appealed to the pop star Lorde to meet him after she canceled a show in Tel Aviv after appeals from activists for her to shun Israel as

Prompt 2521:
China will bring its paramilitary police force , the People s Armed Police , under the control of the Central Military Commission which controls the country s armed forces from Jan. 1 , state media

Prompt 2522:
Myanmar feels sad over a U.S. decision to sanction a military general , a government spokesman said , after Washington linked the commander last week to abuses against the Rohingya Muslim minority . This targeted

Prompt 2523:
A senior UAE diplomat said on Wednesday the Arab world would not be led by Turkey , the Gulf State s first comment on Ankara since a quarrel broke out last week over a retweet

Prompt 2524:
Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Wednesday U.S. President Donald Trump would fail in his hardened stance towards Iran , saying Tehran was stronger than during the time of the more powerful and

Prompt 2525:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan on Wednesday called Syrian President Bashar al-Assad a terrorist and said it was impossible for Syrian peace efforts to continue with him . Syria s foreign ministry quickly responded by accusing

Prompt 2526:
Major governments , including the United States , the European Union and Canada , and top United Nations officials , are among those demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo

Prompt 2527:
Opposition leader Alexei Navalny announced on Wednesday a series of rallies across Russia in January to press home his call for a boycott of next year s presidential election , a move likely to draw

Prompt 2528:
At least four defectors from North Korea have shown signs of radiation exposure , the South Korean government said on Wednesday , although researchers could not confirm if they were was related to Pyongyang s

Prompt 2529:
Former authoritarian leader Alberto Fujimori sought forgiveness from Peruvians from the bottom of my heart on Tuesday for shortcomings during his rule , and thanked President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski for granting him a Christmas pardon

Prompt 2530:
A terrorist group is probably responsible for the explosion on a Libyan crude pipeline on Tuesday , a spokesman for an eastern Libyan petroleum protection force said on Wednesday . The fire at the pipeline

Prompt 2531:
Chile said on Tuesday that it would beef up border policing ahead of a wave of visitors likely to arrive in the country from Argentina next month during a visit of Pope Francis . With

Prompt 2532:
A gunman opened fire in a pastry factory in Moscow , killing a guard early on Wednesday , officials said . The man , identified by prosecutors as the factory s former director Ilya Averyanov

Prompt 2533:
Russia has promised that the autonomous region controlled by Kurds in northern Syria will be represented at peace talks it is hosting next month , the commander of the main Syrian Kurdish militia was cited

Prompt 2534:
Liberians went to the polls on Tuesday for a presidential election they hope will mark their first democratic transfer of power in more than seven decades , despite allegations of fraud . Former world footballer

Prompt 2535:
A Saudi Arabian businessman whose family s commercial empire is involved in a multi-billion dollar debt dispute has been released from detention in the kingdom s Eastern Province , according to sources familiar with the

Prompt 2536:
Turkish prosecutors said on Wednesday they will review legal cases against 11,480 people after finding they had been re-directed unwittingly to a messaging app linked to suspects in last year s failed coup . Turkey

Prompt 2537:
Retired army chief Constantino Chiwenga and veteran politician Kembo Mohadi will be sworn in as Zimbabwe s vice presidents on Thursday , state-run Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation said on Wednesday . The pair , appointed by

Prompt 2538:
Russia will supply Turkey with four batteries of S-400 surface-to-air missiles for $ 2.5 billion under a deal that is almost complete , Sergei Chemezov , head of Russian state conglomerate Rostec , told the

Prompt 2539:
Israel wants to name a train station after Donald Trump to thank him for recognizing Jerusalem as its capital , but the site of the planned building could be as divisive as the U.S. president

Prompt 2540:
Mired in allegations of corruption , Mexico s ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) has thrown its weight behind an untainted outsider in a bid to clean up its image and hang on to

Prompt 2541:
A prize-winning New York-based Cameroonian novelist will be freed from jail and expelled from his native country after being held for nearly three weeks on charges of insulting and threatening the president , his lawyer

Prompt 2542:
President Vladimir Putin formally registered his re-election bid on Wednesday , submitting the necessary documents to Russia s central election commission in person ahead of a March 18 vote . Polls show that Putin ,

Prompt 2543:
President Emmanuel Macron has said his government could consider changes in the relationship between mainland France and Corsica , which seeks greater autonomy , but ruled out new residency rights or recognition of Corsican as

Prompt 2544:
President Emmanuel Macron has said his government could consider changes in the relationship between mainland France and Corsica , which seeks greater autonomy , but ruled out new residency rights or recognition of Corsican as

Prompt 2545:
China s parliament on Wednesday said part of a high-speed railway station being built in Hong Kong would be regarded as mainland territory governed by mainland laws , an unprecedented move that critics say further

Prompt 2546:
A Vietnamese court on Wednesday sentenced 15 people to multiple years in jail for plotting to bomb the country s biggest airport in the southern city of Ho Chi Minh , media reported . The

Prompt 2547:
Moscow will limit the scope of U.S. military observation flights over Russia from Jan. 1 next year in retaliation for U.S. curbs on similar Russian flights over the United States , the RIA news agency

Prompt 2548:
An Australian mother of three escaped the death penalty on Wednesday after a Malaysian court found her not guilty of drug trafficking . Maria Elvira Pinto Exposto , 54 , was found with more than

Prompt 2549:
Uzbekistan s Finance Ministry has sacked 562 employees after President Shavkat Mirziyoyev ordered it to root out inefficiency and get rid of what he had called rats tarnishing its reputation , the state news agency

Prompt 2550:
Japan said on Wednesday any attempt by South Korea to revise a 2015 deal meant to have resolved a row over comfort women forced to work in Japan s wartime brothels would make relations unmanageable

Prompt 2551:
New York City has quietly begun removing some of the corroding yellow nuclear fallout shelter signs that were appended to thousands of buildings in the 1960s , saying many are misleading Cold War relics that

Prompt 2552:
If Angela Merkel becomes German chancellor again , nearly half of voters would want her to quit her term early , according to a poll offering a rare sign that domestic support for Europe s

Prompt 2553:
The United States and Germany called on China to immediately release a prominent human rights activist who was jailed for eight years on Tuesday for subversion , the harshest sentence passed in a recent crackdown

Prompt 2554:
French President Emmanuel Macron called for a complete lifting of a blockade on Yemen in a telephone call with Saudi Arabia s King Salman on Dec. 24 , an Elysee source said on Wednesday .

Prompt 2555:
The number of foreign tourists in Tunisia rose by 23 percent in 2017 compared with the previous year , official data showed , indicating that a vital industry crippled two years ago by Islamist attacks

Prompt 2556:
The chief of the Russian General Staff has accused the United States of training former Islamic State fighters in Syria to try to destabilize the country . General Valery Gerasimov s allegations , made in

Prompt 2557:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday the main part of the battle with Islamic State in Syria was over , according to the state-run RIA news agency . RIA also quoted Lavrov as

Prompt 2558:
Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono said on Wednesday that any attempt to revise Tokyo s 2015 agreement with South Korea over comfort women forced to work in Japan s wartime military brothels would be unacceptable

Prompt 2559:
Pakistan has appointed an economist , who was recently chairman of the board of investment , to take charge of the finance ministry after the former minister was relieved of his duties amid accusations of

Prompt 2560:
Turkish police have detained 54 staff from a university shut down after an attempted coup last year that was blamed on U.S.-based Islamic preacher Fethullah Gulen , state-run Anadolu news agency said on Wednesday .

Prompt 2561:
Japanese police said on Wednesday they have arrested a couple whose 33-year-old daughter froze to death in a tiny room where they had confined her for years because they believed she had a form of

Prompt 2562:
China s ruling Communist Party will meet next month to discuss amending the constitution and to talk about the ongoing fight against graft , state media said on Wednesday , ahead of March s expected

Prompt 2563:
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen vowed to extend his more than 30 years in power by at least another decade on Wednesday , weeks after the highest court dissolved the main opposition party ahead of

Prompt 2564:
Haitian authorities said on Tuesday a former prime minister and top official have been banned from leaving the country as prosecutors lead a corruption probe in which 12 people , including government officials , have

Prompt 2565:
Taiwan will gradually get used to Chinese air force drills that encircle the island , China said on Wednesday , while Taiwan s premier reiterated the self-ruled island s desire for peaceful relations with its

Prompt 2566:
Romania s ruling Social Democrats have filed a slew of new changes to the criminal code that would decriminalize several graft offences , including some abuse of office crimes , their second attempt this year

Prompt 2567:
A fireworks explosion injured 39 people , including six children between the ages of 11 and 15 , during a popular Cuban carnival on Christmas Eve , state-run media reported on Monday . The centuries-old

Prompt 2568:
There was no way Jose Ramon Garcia , a food transporter in Venezuela , could afford new tires for his van at $ 350 each . Whether he opted to pay in U.S. currency or

Prompt 2569:
The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump , @ realDonaldTrump and @ POTUS . The opinions expressed are his own . Reuters has not edited the statements

Prompt 2570:
Alberto Nisman , the Argentine prosecutor who was found dead days after accusing former President Cristina Fernandez of covering up Iran s role in the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center , was murdered

Prompt 2571:
Syrian rebels pinned down in a strategic area where the Israeli and Lebanese borders meet with Syria were handed an ultimatum by the Syrian army and its Iranian-backed militia allies to either surrender or face

Prompt 2572:
Egypt said on Tuesday it had suggested to Ethiopia and Sudan that they all call in international experts to help settle a dispute on an Ethiopian dam project on the river Nile . Egypt fears

Prompt 2573:
Brazil s government will declare Venezuela s charg d affaires persona non-grata , stripping him of his diplomatic status , Brazil s foreign affairs ministry told Reuters on Tuesday . The move to cease official

Prompt 2574:
Libyan families displaced from a town ransacked after the toppling of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 will be allowed to return home in February , the U.N.-backed government said on Tuesday after more than a year

Prompt 2575:
India denounced Pakistan on Tuesday over the treatment of the family of an Indian man sentenced to death for spying , saying they had been harassed during a visit , a charge Pakistan called baseless

Prompt 2576:
Venezuelan authorities said on Tuesday they had arrested 28 people in southern Bolivar state for looting and disorder over Christmas in the latest unrest during a severe economic crisis . There have been scattered protests

Prompt 2577:
Venezuelan authorities have so far released 44 opponents of the socialist government from prison over Christmas , but scores more remain in prison , a rights group said on Tuesday . President Nicolas Maduro s

Prompt 2578:
South Korea predicted on Tuesday that North Korea would look to open negotiations with the United States next year in an optimistic outlook for 2018 , even as Seoul set up a specialized military team

Prompt 2579:
The United States on Tuesday announced sanctions on two North Korean officials for their roles in developing the country s ballistic missiles , the latest step in a campaign to press Pyongyang to give up

Prompt 2580:
Syria s armed forces said insurgents downed a military jet in northern Hama province on Tuesday , killing the pilot . Militant group Tahrir al Sham - a fighting force dominated by members of Al

Prompt 2581:
Armed men blew up a pipeline pumping crude oil to Es Sider port on Tuesday , cutting Libya s output by up to 100,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) , military and oil sources

Prompt 2582:
Russia is ready to act as a mediator between North Korea and the United States if both parties are willing for it to play such a role , the Kremlin said on Tuesday . Moscow

Prompt 2583:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday that Washington s aggressive rhetoric had heightened tension on the Korean peninsula and was unacceptable , the Russian foreign ministry said

Prompt 2584:
An Egyptian court sentenced a British woman to three years in prison on Tuesday for smuggling around 300 painkiller tablets into the country , in a ruling her defence team said she would appeal to

Prompt 2585:
Hundreds of Russian celebrities , sportspeople and politicians nominated President Vladimir Putin for re-election on Tuesday , hours after the Kremlin said it wanted opposition leader Alexei Navalny investigated for calling for a boycott of

Prompt 2586:
A British ship escorted a Russian vessel as it passed near UK territorial waters over Christmas , Britain s defense ministry said on Tuesday , adding that Russian naval activity near Britain had increased in

Prompt 2587:
Israeli players have been denied visas to participate in a speed chess championship hosted by Saudi Arabia this week , a vice president of the World Chess Federation ( FIDE ) said on Sunday .

Prompt 2588:
The Philippines said on Tuesday it would investigate whether safety regulations were ignored at an office where a fire killed 37 call center employees , and vowed to impose sanctions if firms had not met

Prompt 2589:
A Bahraini military court sentenced six men to death and revoked their citizenship after they were convicted on charges of forming a terrorist cell and plotting to assassinate a military official , Bahrain news agency

Prompt 2590:
A suspected U.S. drone attack along the Pakistani-Afghan border killed an Islamist militant commander from the Taliban-allied Haqqani Network , a Pakistani official and two members of the Haqqani group said . The Pakistani official

Prompt 2591:
Kuwait arrested five suspects accused of posting a video on social media considered offensive to the Gulf state s crown prince , the interior ministry said on Tuesday . The accused were government employees with

Prompt 2592:
Four civilians were killed in an attack by suspected Boko Haram militants on Monday in the Nigerian city at the center of a conflict with the Islamists , a resident and two officials told Reuters

Prompt 2593:
Two Reuters journalists detained in Myanmar will be allowed to meet their families once their first 14-day period of remand expires , according to local media reports . Reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo

Prompt 2594:
Myanmar police said on Tuesday they would drop pending charges against two journalists working for Turkey s state broadcaster , their interpreter and driver , who were jailed in November for violating an aircraft law

Prompt 2595:
Turkey will rebuild a ruined Ottoman port city on Sudan s Red Sea coast and construct a naval dock to maintain civilian and military vessels , Sudan s foreign minister said on Tuesday , as

Prompt 2596:
China exported no oil products to North Korea in November , Chinese customs data showed , apparently going above and beyond sanctions imposed earlier this year by the United Nations in a bid to limit

Prompt 2597:
The timing of the next meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump has not yet been discussed , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told RIA news agency in an interview on

Prompt 2598:
Serbia has extradited to Turkey a Kurdish political activist who had been seeking asylum , a police official said on Tuesday , defying a recommendation by the United Nations Committee against Torture . Cevdet Ayaz

Prompt 2599:
The UAE , which angered Tunisia by banning Tunisian women from its passenger flights , has intelligence that female jihadists returning from Iraq or Syria might try to use Tunisian passports to stage terrorist attacks

Prompt 2600:
Authorities in eastern Libya have announced a conference in March to drum up support to rebuild the country s second-largest city Benghazi heavily damaged during three years of fighting between military forces and Islamist fighters

Prompt 2601:
The Kremlin said on Tuesday a call by opposition leader Alexei Navalny to boycott next year s presidential election must be checked to see if it complies with the law , paving the way for

Prompt 2602:
The Russian authorities decision to bar opposition leader Alexei Navalny from running in next year s presidential election raises questions about the vote , the European Union s foreign service said in a statement on

Prompt 2603:
Egypt hanged 15 men convicted of attacks that killed security forces in the Sinai Peninsula , security sources said on Tuesday , in what appears to be the largest number of executions on a single

Prompt 2604:
More than 250 migrants were rescued in the central Mediterranean during the night between Monday and Tuesday , Italy s Coast Guard said . A statement said the migrants , in one large rubber dinghy

Prompt 2605:
An EU agreement with Britain on relations after Brexit could serve as a model for ties with other countries that want to be as close as possible to the bloc but are not yet ready

Prompt 2606:
Saudi Arabia has released 23 of the 200-or-so powerful individuals detained since November on corruption charges after they reached deals with the government , Okaz newspaper reported on Tuesday . The report did not name

Prompt 2607:
Russia has started establishing a permanent military presence at naval and air bases in Syria , the defense minister said on Tuesday as parliament ratified a deal with Damascus to cement Russian presence in the

Prompt 2608:
China sentenced a prominent rights activist to eight years in jail for subversion on Tuesday , his lawyer said , the harshest sentence passed in a government crackdown on activism that began more than two

Prompt 2609:
China s air force has carried out 16 rounds of exercises close to Taiwan in the last year or so , Taiwan s defense ministry said on Tuesday , warning that China s military threat

Prompt 2610:
Major governments , including the United States , the European Union and Canada , and top United Nations officials , are among those demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo

Prompt 2611:
South Korean police have arrested the owner and the manager of a building where 29 people died in a fire last week , accusing the pair of multiple safety lapses , including blocked exits and

Prompt 2612:
China and Pakistan will look at extending their $ 57 billion China-Pakistan Economic Corridor to Afghanistan , Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Tuesday , part of China s ambitious Belt and Road plan

Prompt 2613:
Japan is considering refitting the Izumo helicopter carrier so that it can land U.S. Marines F-35B stealth fighters , government sources said on Tuesday , as Tokyo faces China s maritime expansion and North Korea

Prompt 2614:
Peru s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski defended his pardon for Alberto Fujimori on Monday as justified clemency for an ailing man whose authoritarian government in the 1990s helped the country progress , after Peruvians protested

Prompt 2615:
A man alleged to be behind the murder this year of a crime reporter in northern Mexico has been arrested by federal police , Chihuahua state Governor Javier Corral said in a statement on Monday

Prompt 2616:
Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski pardoned former authoritarian leader Alberto Fujimori late on Sunday , triggering Christmas Eve street clashes as protesters denounced the decision as part of a crude political deal . The decision

Prompt 2617:
The Fujimori clan is at it again . Nearly two decades since Alberto Fujimori and his family occupied Peru s presidential palace and gripped the Andean nation s attention during one of its most turbulent

Prompt 2618:
Inside the newly renovated Church of Saint George in the Northern Iraqi town of Teleskof , Hayat Chamoun Daoud led children dressed as Santa Claus singing Jingle Bells in Aramaic . Like every other resident

Prompt 2619:
Syrian rebel groups on Monday rejected Russia s planned Sochi conference on Syria , saying Moscow was seeking to bypass a U.N.-based Geneva peace process and blaming Russia for committing war crimes in the war-torn

Prompt 2620:
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked Guatemala with a God bless you on Monday for deciding to move its embassy to Jerusalem , while the Palestinians said the Central American country was on the wrong

Prompt 2621:
Three people have died in separate avalanche accidents in the Swiss Alps , police said on Monday . A man who was skiing close to the 2,844-metre high Hofathorn , in the southern canton of

Prompt 2622:
Pope Francis used his Christmas message on Monday to call for a negotiated two-state solution to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , after U.S. President Donald Trump stoked regional tensions with his recognition of Jerusalem as

Prompt 2623:
A topless activist from the feminist group Femen tried to snatch the statue of the baby Jesus from the Nativity scene in St. Peter s Square on Monday but was stopped by police as she

Prompt 2624:
A home belonging to Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila has been attacked and a policeman died in the incident , local lawmakers and U.N. sponsored radio said on Monday . Photos posted on

Prompt 2625:
Syrian army forces backed by Iranian-backed militias pushed deeper into the last rebel-held enclave near a strategic border area with Israel and Lebanon in a new expansion of Tehran s influence in the war-torn country

Prompt 2626:
Nigeria s army said it had repelled an attack on Monday by suspected Boko Haram militants on the city at the center of the conflict with the Islamist insurgency . Major General Nicholas Rogers ,

Prompt 2627:
Britain s Queen Elizabeth praised the resilience of London and Manchester after appalling attacks , in a Christmas message that also paid tribute to her husband , Prince Philip , who retired from regular royal

Prompt 2628:
Nigeria s military has repelled an attack on Monday by suspected Boko Haram militants on the outskirts of the northeastern city of Maiduguri , the regional army commander said . The situation is now under

Prompt 2629:
Canada will expel a Venezuelan diplomat and also bar the country s ambassador from returning , Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said on Monday , two days after Venezuela booted out Canada s envoy for criticizing

Prompt 2630:
Russia should scrap the 13 percent profit tax on funds repatriated from abroad and renew an amnesty from penalties for businesses returning capital , as Washington moves toward tougher sanctions , President Vladimir Putin said

Prompt 2631:
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny was barred on Monday from running in next year s presidential election after officials ruled he was ineligible to take part due to a suspended prison sentence he says was

Prompt 2632:
A new emergency decree in Turkey could allow vigilantes to carry out political violence with impunity against opponents of the government suspected of involvement in last year s coup attempt , Turkey s main lawyers

Prompt 2633:
A Turkish judge ordered four prominent journalists and senior staff from the opposition Cumhuriyet newspaper to remain in jail for at least two more months during their trial , accused of supporting the organizers of

Prompt 2634:
The Red Cross said on Monday Israel has a duty to guarantee the safety and dignity of Palestinian families visiting prisoners , after a right-wing lawmaker was filmed shouting abuse aboard a bus taking relatives

Prompt 2635:
Authorities in Vietnam prepared to move a million people from low-lying areas along the south coast on Monday as a typhoon approached after it battered the Philippines with floods and landslides that killed more than

Prompt 2636:
The leaders of Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan pledged on Monday to improve relations , after ties between the two former Soviet republics degenerated into a trade war under the previous Kyrgyz leadership . The standoff between

Prompt 2637:
Israel has ordered the deportation of two of three Turks who were briefly arrested during Palestinian demonstrations last week after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital , the Interior Ministry said

Prompt 2638:
Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide attack on Monday on a compound of Afghanistan s national intelligence agency in Kabul , which killed at least five people and wounded two . The blast comes

Prompt 2639:
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani s bid to oust one of the country s most powerful provincial governors has run into strong resistance that has deepened political uncertainty just as Washington steps up its campaign against

Prompt 2640:
The United Arab Emirates has information that Tunisian women or women traveling on Tunisian passports might commit terrorist acts in the Gulf country , Tunisia s state news agency TAP said . Tunisia late on

Prompt 2641:
A passenger bus swerved off course and drove into a busy pedestrian underpass in Moscow on Monday , killing at least four people , Russian news agencies reported . Video from the scene posted on

Prompt 2642:
Pakistan allowed the wife and mother of an Indian man convicted of spying to visit him on Monday in Islamabad , eight months after he was sentenced to death by a military court . Kulbhushan

Prompt 2643:
Iran s Supreme Court has upheld a death sentence against a Sweden-based Iranian academic convicted of spying for Israel , the Tehran prosecutor was quoted as saying on Monday , confirming reports by Amnesty International

Prompt 2644:
Pope Francis strongly defended immigrants at his Christmas Eve Mass on Sunday , comparing them to Mary and Joseph finding no place to stay in Bethlehem and saying faith demands that foreigners be welcomed .

Prompt 2645:
China called on Monday for all countries to make constructive efforts to ease tension after North Korea said the latest U.N. sanctions against it are an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic

Prompt 2646:
Two soldiers were killed and another was wounded in an attack by Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) militants which took place as the troops were carrying out security operations in the southeastern province of

Prompt 2647:
Dubai airline Emirates will stop flying to Tunisia , it said on Sunday , after the North African country said it had banned flights from the United Emirates carrier . The announcement came two days

Prompt 2648:
A man drove a car at the entrance of the Berlin headquarters of Germany s Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) late on Sunday evening , lightly injuring himself , later telling police that he

Prompt 2649:
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte s eldest son quit as vice mayor of the southern city of Davao on Monday , citing his being linked to a drug smuggling case by opponents and personal problems from

Prompt 2650:
A Shi ite Muslim judge abducted in eastern Saudi Arabia a year ago has been killed by his kidnappers , the Saudi state news agency SPA reported on Monday . Sheikh Mohammed al-Jirani disappeared last

Prompt 2651:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov called on Monday for the United States and North Korea to start negotiations , the RIA news agency reported . Lavrov was cited as saying that Russia was ready to

Prompt 2652:
Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski pardoned former authoritarian leader Alberto Fujimori late on Sunday , clearing him of convictions for human rights crimes and graft before completion of a 25-year prison sentence . Kuczynski s

Prompt 2653:
Islamic State claimed responsibility for an explosion on Monday carried by a suicide bomber near a compound of Afghanistan s national intelligence agency in the capital , Kabul , the group said on its Amaq

Prompt 2654:
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny on Sunday cleared the first hurdle towards taking part in next year s presidential election , even though the central election commission has previously ruled him ineligible to run .

Prompt 2655:
China s growing economic , political and diplomatic power means it is achieving an overwhelming advantage in bringing self-ruled Taiwan to heel , and time is on China s side , a senior official said

Prompt 2656:
China has reasonably expanded its islands in the disputed South China Sea and this year construction projects there including radar facilities covered about 290,000 square meters ( 72 acres ) , according to a new

Prompt 2657:
Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales said on Sunday he had given instructions to move the Central American country s embassy in Israel to Jerusalem , a few days after his government backed the United States in

Prompt 2658:
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu offered to play tour guide to Christian pilgrims on Sunday in a message relayed from Jerusalem , whose recognition as Israel s capital by U.S. President Donald Trump has split

Prompt 2659:
China s domestically developed AG600 , the world s largest amphibious aircraft , performed its maiden flight on Sunday from an airport on the shores of the South China Sea , the latest step in

Prompt 2660:
South Sudan s army clashed with rebels in an oil-producing region early on Sunday , both sides said , shattering a ceasefire hours after it came into effect . Both sides accused the other of

Prompt 2661:
Egypt will raise the price of tickets on Cairo s loss-making metro system from next July , tripling the present fare for many commuters , the state-owned newspaper al-Ahram said on Sunday . Commuters will

Prompt 2662:
Chad s President Idriss Deby on Sunday appointed Abdoulaye Sabre Fadoul as minister of finance and also named new economy , foreign affairs , security and justice ministers , a presidential decree showed . Fadoul

Prompt 2663:
Three workers , two of them Sudanese , died in an accident at Libya s Zelten oil and gas field on Saturday , an oil source said . They died after inhaling gas during maintenance

Prompt 2664:
Three dozen opponents of Venezuela s socialist government were released from prison and reunited with their families on Sunday as part of a wider Christmas release , a local rights group said . Lambasted by

Prompt 2665:
Turkey and Sudan have agreed to set up a strategic cooperation council to strengthen economic ties , their presidents said at a news conference in Khartoum on Sunday after the first visit by a Turkish

Prompt 2666:
Turkey s Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Sunday that Turkey would employ an additional 110,000 public servants in 2018 including teachers , medical and religious personnel . Speaking in the southern border town of

Prompt 2667:
Catalonia s separatist leader Carles Puigdemont called on Spain s government on Saturday to allow him to return home in time for the opening session of the Catalan parliament so that he can become the

Prompt 2668:
Fire swept through a shopping mall in the Philippines killing at least 37 people , most of them workers at a call center , city government officials said on Sunday . The vice mayor of

Prompt 2669:
Egyptian authorities have detained 15 people pending an investigation into an attack on an unlicensed Coptic Christian church in a village south of Cairo , a security source said on Sunday . Dozens of Muslims

Prompt 2670:
Egyptian security forces on Sunday killed nine suspected militants in a shootout in the Nile Delta province of Sharqiya , the interior ministry said in a statement . The ministry said security forces had received

Prompt 2671:
Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said on Sunday he would propose to parliament transferring some of the country s troops stationed in Iraq to Niger to fight people smuggling and terrorism . Gentiloni said Italy

Prompt 2672:
The latest U.N. sanctions against North Korea are an act of war and tantamount to a complete economic blockade against it , North Korea s foreign ministry said on Sunday , threatening to punish those

Prompt 2673:
Dozens of people gathered outside Beirut s national museum on Saturday evening to light candles for a British woman and three Arab women murdered in the past week in Lebanon . The killing of the

Prompt 2674:
Rescuers in the Philippines searched on Sunday for survivors of a storm that triggered floods and landslides and killed about 200 people , left scores missing and thousands homeless , most of whom apparently ignored

Prompt 2675:
A referendum in Switzerland to clarify the country s relationship with the European Union would be helpful , Swiss President Doris Leuthard said on Sunday , after ties between the two sides cooled this week

Prompt 2676:
London Zoo reopened on Sunday , a day after a fire that killed an aardvark and likely four meerkats and which left staff suffering from smoke inhalation and shock . The Zoo said an initial

Prompt 2677:
Turkey is working with Russia to evacuate around 500 people from the besieged Damascus suburb of eastern Ghouta , Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Sunday . There are around 500 people , including 170

Prompt 2678:
Egypt s Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry will visit Addis Ababa next week for talks with his Ethiopian counterpart , a foreign ministry spokesman said , in a bid to end a standoff over a multi-billion

Prompt 2679:
China has closed more than 13,000 websites since the beginning of 2015 for breaking the law or other rules and the vast majority of people support government efforts to clean up cyberspace , state news

Prompt 2680:
Turkey said on Sunday that 2,756 people were dismissed from their jobs in public institutions including soldiers , teachers and ministry personnel over links to terror organizations . The dismissed personnel were found to be

Prompt 2681:
Venezuela s leftist government prepared to release some 80 jailed anti-government activists on Saturday , and threatened to expel envoys from Canada and Brazil after criticism over rights . Delcy Rodriguez , head of the

Prompt 2682:
When authorities in China s southeastern city of Wenzhou outlawed Sunday School earlier this year , Christian parents determined their children must still learn about Jesus and the Bible . Churches in Wenzhou started teaching

Prompt 2683:
Peru s former President Alberto Fujimori was rushed from prison to a local hospital by ambulance late on Saturday after suffering a severe drop in blood pressure and abnormal heart rhythm that put him at

Prompt 2684:
Mexico has this year registered its highest murder total since modern records began , according to official data , dealing a fresh blow to President Enrique Pena Nieto s pledge to get gang violence under

Prompt 2685:
Austria s new Chancellor , Sebastian Kurz , called for an end to failed attempts to achieve a quota system for distributing asylum seekers around the European Union and urged new efforts to help refugees

Prompt 2686:
Leading figures from Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats ( SPD ) outlined differing visions on how their possible government would approach immigration , as Germany s would-be coalition partners prepared for talks

Prompt 2687:
The Myanmar military , which has been accused of ethnic cleansing against the country s Muslim Rohingya minority , has been invited back as an observer in a major multinational military exercise next year led

Prompt 2688:
An Israeli court on Saturday freed without charge three Turks who had been arrested on suspicion of assaulting police outside a Jerusalem holy site contested by Jews and Muslims , a police spokesman said .

Prompt 2689:
China has punished 8,123 people for committing fiscal violations after an audit of how the government s 2016 central budget was spent revealed multiple problems , the Xinhua state news agency reported . Hu Zejun

Prompt 2690:
The last time white Zimbabwean farmer Rob Smart left his land it was at gunpoint , forced out in June by riot police armed with tear gas and AK-47 assault rifles . He returned on

Prompt 2691:
The U.S. decision to supply weapons to Ukraine is dangerous as it will encourage Kiev to use force in eastern Ukraine , Russian officials said on Saturday . The U.S. State Department said on Friday

Prompt 2692:
An aardvark was killed and four meerkats are missing believed dead after a blaze tore through part of London Zoo early on Saturday , destroying a cafe and gift shop . The fire broke out

Prompt 2693:
Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski s political troubles will likely continue despite his surprise victory over a bid in Congress to oust him this week , a key opposition leader said on Saturday , citing

Prompt 2694:
Italy s ruling Democratic Party ( PD ) , hit by internal divisions and a banking scandal , is continuing to slide in opinion polls , with a new survey on Saturday putting it more

Prompt 2695:
Macedonia s main opposition party , the rightist VMRO-DPMNE formally replaced its leader Nikola Gruevski on Saturday and appointed Hristijan Mickoski , a technocrat , as his successor . Gruevski , 47 , resigned earlier

Prompt 2696:
President Emmanuel Macron said on Saturday France stood ready if needed to strengthen its military force fighting alongside African troops against Islamist insurgents in the Sahel . France has been seeking to eventually withdraw from

Prompt 2697:
The government of Congo Republic on Saturday agreed a ceasefire with rebels in the southeast region of Pool , halting a 15-year conflict that rights groups say has cost dozens of lives and forced tens

Prompt 2698:
The U.N. Security Council unanimously imposed new sanctions on North Korea on Friday for its recent intercontinental ballistic missile test , seeking to limit its access to refined petroleum products and crude oil and its

Prompt 2699:
Russia s ruling party United Russia wants the ultimate victory of President Vladimir Putin at the presidential election in March , party head and Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Saturday . Putin , 65

Prompt 2700:
The Russian Communist Party on Saturday unexpectedly dropped its veteran leader Gennady Zyuganov as its presidential candidate to challenge President Vladimir Putin next year , choosing instead a largely unknown businessman with links to the

Prompt 2701:
Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa appointed retired army boss Constantino Chiwenga and veteran politician Kembo Mohadi as the ruling party s vice presidents , a spokesperson said on Saturday . The appointments paved the way for

Prompt 2702:
Christmas church services and other celebrations are being held this weekend under the gaze of armed guards and security cameras in many countries after Islamic State gunmen attacked a Methodist church in Pakistan as a

Prompt 2703:
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi said on Saturday Egypt will in the next two to three years embark on a $ 5.60 billion construction project in the Sinai peninsula whose north has been gripped by an

Prompt 2704:
Turkey plans to change the name of the street where the embassy of the United Arab Emirates is located to Fakhreddin Pasha , the historical figure at the center of a diplomatic row caused by

Prompt 2705:
Italy s upper house Senate on Saturday gave parliament s final approval to the government s 2018 budget , clearing the way for national elections expected to be held in March . The financial law

Prompt 2706:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron urged the parties involved in an increase of ceasefire violations in eastern Ukraine to implement decisions they have already agreed upon as soon as possible .

Prompt 2707:
SKOPJE - Macedonia s parliament has adopted a 2018 draft budget , lowering the deficit to 2.7 percent of national output from 2.9 this year and forecasting growth of 3.2 percent . The budget ,

Prompt 2708:
A tropical storm in the southern Philippines triggered mudslides and flash floods that killed more than 100 people , while dozens are missing , police and disaster officials said on Saturday . The casualties ,

Prompt 2709:
A record crowd paid their respects to Japan s 84-year-old Emperor Akihito at Tokyo s Imperial Palace on Saturday , in his first birthday celebration since the date of his abdication was set . The

Prompt 2710:
The man accused of deliberately plowing into Christmas shoppers on a busy street in the Australian city of Melbourne was charged on Saturday with 18 counts of attempted murder and one count of conduct endangering

Prompt 2711:
Moscow stands ready to cooperate with the United States on Afghanistan , Russia s Foreign Ministry official said in an interview with RIA state news agency published on Saturday . Russia maintains contacts with U.S.

Prompt 2712:
Turkey s parliament has approved the government s 2018 budget , which includes increased spending on defense and projects a rise in the fiscal deficit to 65.9 billion lira ( $ 17.28 billion ) .

Prompt 2713:
French President Emmanuel Macron s proposed European reforms will play a big role in talks between German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives to form a government with the center-left Social Democrats ( SPD ) ,

Prompt 2714:
The United States on Friday backed the re-election of Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez despite widespread misgivings about the vote count , prompting the opposition candidate to describe his bid for the presidency as a

Prompt 2715:
The United States will provide Ukraine with enhanced defensive capabilities , the State Department said on Friday , as Kiev battles Russian-backed separatists in the eastern part of the country . U.S. assistance is entirely

Prompt 2716:
Police brought in experts and an explosives robot to investigate a suspicious package found at the Christmas market in the west German city of Bonn late on Friday . Bonn police cordoned off and evacuated

Prompt 2717:
Peru s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski could end up the surprise winner of an attempt to oust him from power this week , after some opposition lawmakers broke ranks with party leaders to support him

Prompt 2718:
Nearly half the 19 people injured when a driver with no known extremist links plowed into pedestrians in the southern city of Melbourne were foreign nationals , Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Friday

Prompt 2719:
Honduran opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla said his bid for the presidency was a lost cause on Friday after the United States recognized President Juan Orlando Hernandez as winner of the election . The situation is

Prompt 2720:
Iraqi Shi ite paramilitary groups have deployed to the frontier to back up border guard forces who came under fire from within Syria over the past three days , one of their commanders said on

Prompt 2721:
Any move by Kosovo to scrap a war crimes court linked to its independence struggle would seriously undermine relations with friendly western nations , its main backer the United States said on Friday . Lawmakers

Prompt 2722:
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has submitted a new draft law to parliament for the creation of an anti-corruption court , the parliamentary website showed late on Friday . Slow progress establishing an independent court to

Prompt 2723:
The United Nations announced on Friday the appointment of Henrietta Fore , an economic development advocate and former U.S. State Department official , as executive director of its Children s Fund , effective Jan. 1

Prompt 2724:
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko told German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday that he would work to implement a rapid exchange of prisoners held on both sides of the line of conflict in eastern Ukraine ,

Prompt 2725:
Separatists looked set on Friday to regain power in Catalonia after voters rejected Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy s attempt to neuter its independence movement , instead re-igniting the country s biggest political crisis in

Prompt 2726:
South Korean guards fired warning shots across the heavily militarized border with North Korea on Thursday as a soldier from the North defected in thick fog , complicating efforts to ease tensions over Pyongyang s

Prompt 2727:
Uzbek president Shavkat Mirziyoyev said on Friday he would reform the Central Asian nation s state security service , adding that its power had become excessive under his predecessor Islam Karimov . The National Security

Prompt 2728:
President Shavkat Mirziyoyev said on Friday Uzbekistan had reported inflated economic growth and employment figures for years , describing the amplified numbers as fiction , and promised more reforms in the Central Asian nation .

Prompt 2729:
Mexico s prison population has fallen by a fifth from the peak in 2014 as fewer people are locked up under a new criminal justice system , with experts saying that cases are falling apart

Prompt 2730:
The United Nations began bringing African refugees to Italy from Libya on Friday , evacuating them from detention centers whose conditions have been condemned by humanitarian groups as inhumane . Hundreds of thousands of migrants

Prompt 2731:
A Berlin court ruling that permits the parents and siblings of a 16-year-old Syrian migrant to join him in Germany will now take effect after the foreign ministry abruptly dropped an appeal of the decision

Prompt 2732:
Israeli troops shot dead at least two Palestinians and wounded about 60 with live fire on Friday , the Health Ministry in Gaza said , as protests intensified against Washington s recognition of Jerusalem as

Prompt 2733:
British foreign minister Boris Johnson told his Russian counterpart on Friday there was abundant evidence of Moscow meddling in foreign elections , but said any Russian efforts to interfere in last year s Brexit referendum

Prompt 2734:
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy on Friday ruled out calling a national election after Catalan separatists won a regional vote , thwarting his bid to resolve the country s biggest political crisis in decades .

Prompt 2735:
Forget the traditional Socialist opposition and perhaps even the Catalan separatists : the main threat to Spain s conservative prime minister may now come from a Barcelona politician dedicated to national unity - Ines Arrimadas

Prompt 2736:
Leading Arab allies threatened with cuts in aid by Donald Trump said on Friday they had no choice but to defy the U.S. president over his recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital , and

Prompt 2737:
A South Sudanese rebel group on Friday accused government troops of attacking their base only a day after the parties signed a ceasefire in a four-year war that has killed tens of thousands of people

Prompt 2738:
Tearful family members paid tribute to Canadian pharmaceutical billionaires and philanthropists Barry and Honey Sherman before thousands of people on Thursday , less than a week after news of the couple s mysterious deaths shocked

Prompt 2739:
Prime Minister Theresa May on Friday hailed the return of Britain s classic blue passport as a benefit of leaving the EU , pleasing Brexit campaigners for whom it is a symbol of national sovereignty

Prompt 2740:
Danish Police have charged a 30-year-old Syrian man , an asylum-seeker to Sweden , with attempting to commit a terrorist act in Copenhagen in November 2016 , according to a police statement . The man

Prompt 2741:
Brazil s President Michel Temer warned on Friday the country would face economic volatility and loss of international credibility if a bill overhauling its costly social security system is not passed by Congress early next

Prompt 2742:
Callista Gingrich , wife of the former speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives , on Friday became U.S. ambassador to the Vatican , which is at odds with Washington over immigration , climate change

Prompt 2743:
A court in Vietnam on Friday upheld a nine-year jail sentence for a prominent activist convicted of spreading propaganda against the state , her lawyer said . Blogger Tran Thi Nga , 40 , was

Prompt 2744:
A hundred meters from the office of Libyan Prime Minister Fayaz al-Seraj in Tripoli , guards at a detention center for migrants had a message for a visiting French delegation : no minister , no

Prompt 2745:
The head of Iran s justice ministry was quoted on Friday as saying Tehran would decide the fate of a detained British-Iranian aid worker sentenced to five years in jail and that he could not

Prompt 2746:
A group of anti-Brexit Scottish members of parliament has been given the go-ahead to pursue legal action to establish whether the United Kingdom can unilaterally stop the process of leaving the EU , a Scottish

Prompt 2747:
The U.N refugee agency on Friday accused Australia of abandoning hundreds of refugees and asylum seekers on Papua New Guinea s Manus Island and said it must take responsibility for the mess it created with

Prompt 2748:
In April , Reuters photographer Zohra Bensemra was sent to cover the drought in Somalia . Once there , she looked for ways to humanize the plight of more than 2 million people trying to

Prompt 2749:
When Rosa , now 14 , asked her Islamic State captors about her younger sisters Bushra , 12 , and Suhayla , seven , she was told they had been killed for misbehaving . At

Prompt 2750:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives hope to draw the Social Democrats ( SPD ) into coalition with offers on healthcare and employment , one of her ministers said , but the two camps remain

Prompt 2751:
Malaysia has arrested 20 suspected militants , including 13 foreigners , police said on Friday , adding to a list of hundreds detained in recent years accused of having links to terror groups . The

Prompt 2752:
The U.N. independent expert on the independence of judges and lawyers criticized Poland on Friday for legal reforms that have already attracted unprecedented censure from the European Union , dubbing them a serious breach of

Prompt 2753:
U.N. Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura said Syria talks in the Kazakh capital Astana on Friday had agreed on a working group for the release of detainees , which he said was a commendable first

Prompt 2754:
Syria s U.N. ambassador , Bashar al-Jaafari , said on Friday that U.S. and Turkish troops should leave Syria immediately . He made the demand during Syrian peace talks in Astana , the capital of

Prompt 2755:
The Ugandan army on Friday attacked rebel camps in eastern Congo , an army spokesman said . The attack followed intelligence sharing with the Democratic Republic of the Congo , spokesman Richard Karemire told Reuters

Prompt 2756:
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday accused the United States of plotting to withdraw from the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces treaty , which bans short and intermediate-range land-based nuclear and conventional missiles . Both Russia and

Prompt 2757:
The Philippines coast guard said on Friday it had rescued 252 passengers and crew , including an Australian and his Filipino wife , and recovered five dead people from a ferry that capsized east of

Prompt 2758:
Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has thwarted a bid in Congress to force him out over a graft scandal , as an opposition lawmaker accused him of securing votes by promising to free ex-president Alberto

Prompt 2759:
A Seoul court on Friday found Lotte Group Chairman Shin Dong-bin guilty of breach of trust and embezzlement and sentenced him to 20 months in prison , suspended for two years , leaving him free

Prompt 2760:
British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday she knew nothing of allegations of inappropriate behavior by her most senior minister , forced to resign this week , until she read about them in a

Prompt 2761:
More than 120 countries defied President Donald Trump on Thursday and voted in favor of a United Nations General Assembly resolution calling for the United States to drop its recent recognition of Jerusalem as Israel

Prompt 2762:
The United States has disqualified itself from the Middle East peace process due to its recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital , said Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Friday . The United States are

Prompt 2763:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan called on Friday for the United States to step back from its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital after the United Nations voted against the move despite what he

Prompt 2764:
Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan said on Friday they hoped the current round of Syria peace talks in Astana would lay the groundwork for a Syrian national dialogue congress in

Prompt 2765:
Catalonia s separatists look set to regain power in the wealthy Spanish region after local elections on Thursday , deepening the nation s political crisis in a sharp rebuke to Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and

Prompt 2766:
Germany called for reconciliation and respect for the constitution in Spain after separatists triumphed in Catalan regional elections on Thursday in a result that threatens to prolong political tensions there . We hope that the

Prompt 2767:
British foreign minister Boris Johnson said on Friday that London could not ignore Russia s meddling in elections around the world , its actions in Ukraine , or the persecution of gay people in Chechnya

Prompt 2768:
A court in Somalia on Thursday released without charge a former minister and government critic who spent two days in jail after being arrested for alleged treason , an arrest which ignited a smoldering political

Prompt 2769:
South Korean President Moon Jae-in comforted mourners in the small scenic city of Jecheon on Friday amid growing public anger at how fire ripped through an eight-storey building , killing at least 29 people ,

Prompt 2770:
A fire in an eight-storey fitness center in the scenic South Korean city of Jecheon on Thursday killed at least 29 people , most of them as they were taking a sauna , officials said

Prompt 2771:
South Africa s President Jacob Zuma has sought leave to appeal a court ruling ordering him to set up a judicial inquiry into influence-peddling in his government , local television channel eNCA reported on Friday

Prompt 2772:
A makeshift bomb exploded outside a Greek court in Athens early on Friday shattering windows and damaging the facade of the building , police officials said . Shots were also fired at a person guarding

Prompt 2773:
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak vowed on Friday to use every means to protest against U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital , a tough stand likely to win him

Prompt 2774:
Prime Minister Theresa May said Britain would take a hard headed approach to dealing with Russia ahead of a meeting between foreign minister Boris Johnson and his Russian counterpart in Moscow on Friday . We

Prompt 2775:
China on Friday urged the United States not to set itself up as a human rights judge and denounced the U.S. Treasury Department for punishing a Chinese public security official for alleged rights abuses .

Prompt 2776:
Turkish police arrested 15 senior military officers in an investigation into the network of a U.S.-based cleric who Ankara accuses of orchestrating last year s attempted coup , state-run Anadolu news agency said on Friday

Prompt 2777:
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said Turkey s decision to release a sixth German citizen from jail on Thursday gave hope that relations between the two NATO allies could improve after plumbing new lows following

Prompt 2778:
South Sudan denied on Friday that a businessman sanctioned by the United States was an adviser to President Salva Kiir , and said the decision to blacklist him was based on misleading information . Benjamin

Prompt 2779:
Pakistan has ordered 27 international aid groups to shut down for working in unauthorized areas , spurring human rights campaigners to denounce swelling constraints on free speech and humanitarian work . The Ministry of Interior

Prompt 2780:
As Hong Kong seeks more land to help ease a worsening housing crisis , some lawmakers and activists are urging officials to take a fresh look at little-used swathes of more than $ 100 billion

Prompt 2781:
A country s right to choose its own development path must be respected , Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his Venezuelan counterpart on Friday , offering support for the strife-torn Latin American nation .

Prompt 2782:
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Friday said that Hungary sees a strong Poland as a vital component of a central European caucus within the European Union , and so will block any action to

Prompt 2783:
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam said she would not blindly obey the orders of Communist Party leaders in Beijing , while admitting the government has no way to suppress skyrocketing prices in one of the

Prompt 2784:
A congresswoman in Peru said embattled President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski survived a vote in Congress to oust him by promising some opposition lawmakers that he would pardon the country s jailed former authoritarian leader ,

Prompt 2785:
U.S. President Donald Trump s new national security strategy unveiled this week is a criminal document that seeks the total subordination of the whole world to the interests of the U.S. , North Korea s

Prompt 2786:
Philippine Maoist rebels declared a traditional Christmas truce on Friday after the government announced the same , calling off hostilities for six days . In a statement posted on its website , Jorge Madlos ,

Prompt 2787:
Australian police said on Friday they had seized a record 1.2 tonnes of methamphetamine with a street value of more than A $ 1 billion ( $ 771 million ) after a raid in a

Prompt 2788:
China is considering a law punishing those who slander heroes and martyrs or cause physical damage to their memorials , state news agency Xinhua said on Friday , the latest piece of legislation to protect

Prompt 2789:
Indonesian President Joko Widodo will on Friday hold his cabinet meeting on the holiday island of Bali in a bid to reassure visitors that there is nothing to worry about from the rumbling Mount Agung

Prompt 2790:
China s graft-busters will be required to do more to protect detained suspects , such as informing families and employers within a day of their detention , state media said on Friday , as part

Prompt 2791:
Some human rights advocates say press freedom is under attack in Myanmar , even though decades of rule by a junta that tightly controlled the media has given way to a government led by Nobel

Prompt 2792:
Members of China s ruling Communist Party have a duty to follow orders from the central leadership lest the country stray into anarchy , the country s top newspaper wrote on Friday , warning against

Prompt 2793:
Kansai Electric Power Co said on Friday it will decommission two 38-year-old reactors at its Ohi nuclear plant as Japan s electricity industry struggles to cope with new safety standards imposed after the 2011 Fukushima

Prompt 2794:
Japan s government approved a record military budget on Friday but did not earmark enough extra money to stop a splurge on U.S.-made ballistic missile defense kit from putting a squeeze on funding for an

Prompt 2795:
Malaysia s growing ties to Saudi Arabia - and its puritan Salafi-Wahhabi Islamic doctrines - are coming under new scrutiny as concerns grow over an erosion of traditional religious practices and culture in the multi-ethnic

Prompt 2796:
Saudi Arabia announced on Friday that passengers traveling on its airlines to the United Kingdom would once again be allowed to carry on electronic devices , reversing a ban put in place earlier this year

Prompt 2797:
Vice President Mike Pence made an unannounced trip to Afghanistan to meet its leaders and underscore U.S. commitment to the country four months after President Donald Trump agreed to an open-ended war against insurgents here

Prompt 2798:
Exiled Catalan separatist leader Carles Puigdemont looks set to regain power after regional elections on Thursday , but what comes next is unlikely to be an easy ride . - CAN HE GO BACK TO

Prompt 2799:
Catalonia s separatist leader Carles Puigdemont was on track to regain the leadership of Spain s northeastern region after preliminary results showed a coalition of secessionist parties winning a majority in regional elections . Puigdemont

Prompt 2800:
Communist-run Cuba extended the term of its current leadership to April on Thursday , signaling a two-month delay in the historic handover from Raul Castro to a new president , while announcing tighter regulations on

Prompt 2801:
British Prime Minister Theresa May gave Poland a rare dose of big power support on Thursday by saying that its constitution was its own affair , a sharply different tone to that of the European

Prompt 2802:
Some 128 countries defied U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday and voted in favor of a U.N. General Assembly resolution calling for Washington to drop its recent recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital .

Prompt 2803:
The United Nations Security Council is due to vote on Friday on a U.S.-drafted resolution that seeks to toughen sanctions on North Korea in response to its latest intercontinental ballistic missile launch , diplomats said

Prompt 2804:
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto said on Thursday that he would send a contentious new security law to the Supreme Court for review after signing it , and would not make use of it until

Prompt 2805:
Australia will end air strikes against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and bring its six Super Hornet planes home after three years as part of the U.S.-led coalition in the Middle East , Defence

Prompt 2806:
British police started to reopen roads around Buckingham Palace in London late on Thursday after investigating a suspicious vehicle . All road closures are now in the process of being removed , London s transport

Prompt 2807:
A New York jury on Thursday ended its second day of deliberations without a verdict in the trial of a Turkish banker accused of helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions . The jury had begun deliberating

Prompt 2808:
The United States on Thursday said it welcomed an announcement by a Saudi-led coalition to keep the Hodeidah port in Yemen open for a month and allow humanitarian aid to flow through , and condemned

Prompt 2809:
Europe s first ever rules on drones , which were tentatively agreed three weeks ago , risk being scuppered as EU governments hesitate over endorsing the deal because of their opposition to a drone registration

Prompt 2810:
South Sudan s government and rebel groups signed a ceasefire on Thursday in the latest attempt to end a four-year civil war and allow humanitarian groups access to civilians caught in the fighting . The

Prompt 2811:
U.N. special envoy on Syria Staffan de Mistura said on Thursday he would take part in the latest round of Syrian peace talks in the Kazakh capital Astana on Friday , with a month to

Prompt 2812:
Russian President Vladimir Putin s envoy for Syria said on Thursday that there was no reason for U.S. forces to remain in Syria and that Washington s stated reasons for maintaining a military presence there

Prompt 2813:
Russia is likely to maintain a big presence in Syria despite Russian President Vladimir Putin s announcement of a partial military withdrawal , the U.S. special envoy to the coalition fighting the Islamic State insurgent

Prompt 2814:
The United States on Thursday imposed sanctions on 13 serious human rights abusers and corrupt actors including Myanmar general Maung Maung Soe , who oversaw this year s brutal crackdown against the Rohingya Muslim minority

Prompt 2815:
The United Nations General Assembly s vote on Jerusalem on Thursday was a clear international rejection of U.S. President Donald Trump administration s thuggish intimidation , the Iranian foreign minister said on Twitter . Mohammad

Prompt 2816:
Pro-independence parties in Catalonia are seen in a position to keep their absolute majority of seats in regional elections on Thursday , according to an exit poll published by La Vanguardia newspaper as polling stations

Prompt 2817:
As he looks back on a momentous year , French President Emmanuel Macron might be tempted to have an extra glass of champagne this holiday season , and not just because he turned 40 on

Prompt 2818:
Israel rejected a U.N. vote on Thursday that called on the United States to withdraw its decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . Israel rejects the U.N. decision and at the same

Prompt 2819:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Thursday he expected U.S. President Donald Trump s administration to rescind without delay its unfortunate decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital . In comments on Twitter ,

Prompt 2820:
The funeral of Cardinal Bernard Law , who resigned as Archbishop of Boston 15 years ago after covering up years of sexual abuse of children by priests , was held in the Vatican on Thursday

Prompt 2821:
Turkey s foreign minister said on Thursday the U.N. members had shown that dignity and sovereignty are not for sale by voting in favor of a resolution calling for the United States to drop its

Prompt 2822:
Ukraine s state security service SBU have detained a government official on suspicion of working in the interests of Russia , Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said on Thursday . Together with the Security Service of

Prompt 2823:
France will on Thursday announce a plan to raise regulated minimum food prices and limit bargain sales in supermarkets as part of a wider field-to-fork plan aimed at increasing farmers income , a government official

Prompt 2824:
France , the European Union s largest farm producer , plans to raise regulated minimum food prices and limit bargain sales in supermarkets in a bid to increase farmers income , Prime Minister Edouard Philippe

Prompt 2825:
London-listed NMC Healthcare is in talks with the Riyadh government to take over the running of a struggling Saudi hospital , according to four sources familiar with the matter . A deal for the Saad

Prompt 2826:
An Australian man of Afghan descent with a history of mental health issues drove a car into Christmas shoppers in the city of Melbourne on Thursday , injuring 19 people , but police said they

Prompt 2827:
Seven European Union states urged Romania s ruling coalition on Thursday to avoid legislation that could weaken its judiciary and the fight against corruption , hours after senators approved a contentious overhaul of the justice

Prompt 2828:
Palestinian Islamist group Hamas s leader in Gaza said on Thursday a reconciliation deal with President Mahmoud Abbas s Fatah faction was collapsing , just 10 weeks after the agreement was reached . The rivals

Prompt 2829:
British Prime Minister Theresa May wants to draw a line under allegations of misconduct against one of her junior ministers , Mark Garnier , a statement from her office said on Thursday after an investigation

Prompt 2830:
Saudi Arabia should not forfeit its sovereign right to one day enrich uranium under its planned civilian nuclear program , especially as world powers have allowed Iran to do so , a senior Saudi royal

Prompt 2831:
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the United Nations as a house of lies ahead of a vote on Thursday on a draft resolution calling on the United States to withdraw its recognition of Jerusalem as

Prompt 2832:
Turkey told U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday he could not buy its support in a United Nations vote on Jerusalem , and said the world should teach the United States a very good lesson

Prompt 2833:
South Africa s ruling ANC decided to downgrade its embassy in Tel Aviv to a liaison office over a U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , ahead of a U.N. vote on

Prompt 2834:
Yemen s cholera epidemic has reached one million suspected cases , the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Thursday , with war leaving more than 80 percent of the population short of food

Prompt 2835:
A Cameroonian journalist jailed for over two years for contact with Islamist militant group Boko Haram is set to be freed after a court on Thursday shortened his sentence , his lawyer said . Radio

Prompt 2836:
The U.N. war crimes court that prosecuted atrocities committed during the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s , and put former Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic on trial , closed its doors on Thursday after two

Prompt 2837:
Pope Francis issued a stinging new critique of the Vatican s top administration on Thursday , saying traitors stood in the way of his reforms and made any change as hard as cleaning Egypt s

Prompt 2838:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan described the United Arab Emirates foreign minister as impertinent and spoiled by money on Thursday after he retweeted accusations that Ottoman forces looted the holy city of Medina during World War

Prompt 2839:
A Turkish foreign ministry official said on Thursday the United Arab Emirates charge d affaires was summoned to the ministry over comments about an Ottoman commander retweeted by the UAE foreign minister . Foreign Minister

Prompt 2840:
U.N. special envoy on Syria Staffan de Mistura said on Thursday he planned to organize a next round of Syrian peace talks in Geneva in the second half of January . De Mistura was speaking

Prompt 2841:
The Ukrainian parliament voted on Thursday to withdraw a law on the creation of an anti-corruption court , paving the way for the submission of a new law more in line with demands from backers

Prompt 2842:
France told eastern Libyan military commander Khalifa Haftar he needed to respect the U.N. peace process to stabilize the oil producer , Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Thursday . I said there is

Prompt 2843:
Turkish police said on Thursday they had rescued thousands of artefacts dating back to Anatolian , Greek and Egyptian civilizations in the largest operation to combat smuggling of ancient treasures in the country s history

Prompt 2844:
Several countries , the United Nations and journalist groups are demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar . The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 after

Prompt 2845:
Two Reuters reporters arrested in Myanmar had not passed any information to the United Nations , the world body said , rejecting a report published in domestic media which suggested that could be the reason

Prompt 2846:
A spokesman for Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Wednesday he had been informed that the police had almost completed their investigation of two Reuters journalists arrested over a week ago , after

Prompt 2847:
The two Reuters journalists who were detained in Myanmar on Dec. 12 have appeared in court and been remanded in custody , a police spokesman said on Thursday . Yes , they were sent to

Prompt 2848:
British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Thursday that Britain and Poland are concerned about Russian attempts to weaponise information . We have agreed today to bolster our cooperation to counter Russian disinformation in the

Prompt 2849:
Cyril Ramaphosa may have won the race to be leader of the African National Congress , but he failed to decisively wrest control of South Africa s ruling party from President Jacob Zuma . Zuma

Prompt 2850:
A German-Russian man suspected of detonating three bombs targeting the Borussia Dortmund soccer team bus in a plan to profit from a plunging share price appeared in a German court on Thursday charged with 28

Prompt 2851:
A German-Russian man suspected of detonating three bombs targeting the Borussia Dortmund soccer team bus in a plan to profit from a plunging share price appeared in a German court on Thursday charged with 28

Prompt 2852:
Outside London s Piccadilly theater where tickets cost up to 110 pounds and a banner advertising the musical Annie reads It s a hard knock life , Bryan and Kevin sleep in small tents on

Prompt 2853:
India will provide Myanmar with $ 25 million for development projects including prefabricated houses in troubled Rakhine state to enable the return of Rohingya Muslims who have fled the area , the foreign ministry said

Prompt 2854:
Pro-European campaigners accused ministers of failing to take preparations for Brexit seriously enough on Thursday , after a committee of lawmakers published the government s sector-by-sector analysis on the impact of leaving the European Union

Prompt 2855:
Plans to buy a new presidential jet for France s Emmanuel Macron could be held up because of a controversy sparked by his prime minister , who hired a private plane for 350,000 euros (

Prompt 2856:
The decision to scale back British-Russian dialogue was a groundless and untimely decision by London , Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Thursday , on the eve of British foreign minister Boris Johnson

Prompt 2857:
Libya s rival factions should stick to a United Nations peace process and prepare for elections in spring 2018 , French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said on Thursday , trying to give stalled U.N.

Prompt 2858:
A 48-year-old man from Wales pleaded not guilty on Thursday to terrorism-related murder and attempted murder after he allegedly drove a van at Muslims outside a mosque in Finsbury Park , London in June ,

Prompt 2859:
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said on Thursday Gulf Arab countries were planning no action against Lebanon after a political crisis last month thrust it onto the front line of rivalry between Saudi Arabia and

Prompt 2860:
Russian military observers had to pull out of a joint ceasefire control group due to Kiev s determination to solve the crisis in the rebel-held eastern regions of the country by force , a spokesman

Prompt 2861:
The Czech far-right Freedom and Direct Democracy party ( SPD ) said on Thursday it would not support a new minority government formed by the ANO party leader Andrej Babis , making it more likely

Prompt 2862:
Myanmar wants to continue working with the United Nations on human rights but its investigator must be fair , the foreign ministry said on Thursday , a day after special rapporteur Yanghee Lee was barred

Prompt 2863:
Syria s opposition is sabotaging the Geneva peace talks in a bid to ruin Russia s preparations for a planned congress of national dialogue in Syria , the TASS news agency cited Russian Foreign Ministry

Prompt 2864:
The latest U.S. sanctions imposed on five Russians and Chechens are grotesque and groundless , and Moscow will hit back with tit-for-tat sanctions , Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Thursday . The

Prompt 2865:
Lebanon s interior minister said on Thursday that Uber driver suspected of murdering a British embassy worker last week had served time in prison , and he accused the company of not checking criminal records

Prompt 2866:
Sixty people including a former military chief faced demands for life jail terms over a 1997 campaign of army pressure , known in Turkey as the post-modern coup , that toppled the country s first

Prompt 2867:
Four people were killed and seven were missing after a Philippine ferry with 251 people on board capsized during bad weather on Thursday near the capital , Manila , disaster officials and a coastguard spokesman

Prompt 2868:
A suspicious package that prompted an evacuation of a Christmas market in Frankfurt has turned out to be harmless , the city s police said on Twitter . Authorities said the package in question at

Prompt 2869:
Kurdish-led Syrian groups plan to attend Russia s proposed Syria peace talks in the Black Sea resort of Sochi , Kurdish officials have said . The Syria peace congress was originally scheduled for Nov. 18

Prompt 2870:
Chinese military aircraft have again carried out drills in the Western Pacific , the Xinhua state news agency said on Thursday , with bombers and fighters from a South China Sea naval air arm exercising

Prompt 2871:
Three men accused of killing Maltese anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia were committed to trial on Thursday by a magistrate hearing preliminary evidence . Brothers George and Alfred Degiorgio and Vincent Muscat were arrested in

Prompt 2872:
Russia may decide to designate any media as foreign agents if they are financed by a foreign state or citizen , or by a Russian organization that gets foreign financing , the Interfax news agency

Prompt 2873:
British Prime Minister Theresa May forced her most senior minister , Damian Green , to resign for lying about whether he knew pornography had been found on computers in his parliamentary office . The resignation

Prompt 2874:
There is no firm date yet for the much-discussed Syria peace congress , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Thursday . No one wants to artificially accelerate holding of the congress , Peskov told reporters

Prompt 2875:
The approval by the United States of an export license for Ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from U.S. manufacturers may provoke hotheads among Ukrainian nationalists to seek to unleash a new

Prompt 2876:
Food security in the Middle East and North Africa is quickly deteriorating because of conflict in several countries in the region , the United Nations said on Thursday . In those hardest hit by crises

Prompt 2877:
One thousand French goats have found a new home in Russia s Ural mountains as a local company bets on producing European-style cheeses no longer available for import . Russia banned the wholesale import of

Prompt 2878:
An Indian court on Thursday acquitted a former telecoms minister , politicians and business executives of graft and money laundering charges in the grant of telecoms licenses due to lack of evidence in one of

Prompt 2879:
A Beijing court on Thursday handed down jail sentences of up to 15 years to 85 people deported from Kenya for telecoms fraud , including 44 from self-ruled Taiwan , an island Beijing claims as

Prompt 2880:
Peru s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski on Wednesday signaled both his vice presidents would resign if Congress forced him from office , calling an opposition bid to remove him a coup attempt that had to

Prompt 2881:
A car was deliberately driven into pedestrians in the Australian city of Melbourne on Thursday , injuring up to 14 people , though the motive was not known , police said . We believe based

Prompt 2882:
The U.N. independent investigator into human rights in Myanmar called on Wednesday for stronger international pressure to be exerted on Myanmar s military commanders after being barred from visiting the country for the rest of

Prompt 2883:
When Vladimir Kabunin signed up as a private military contractor , he saw a chance to make a wage much higher than any he could earn in his provincial Russian hometown . Happy to be

Prompt 2884:
Australia has discovered the wreck of its first submarine off the coast of Papua New Guinea , authorities said on Thursday , resolving one of the country s oldest naval mysteries after more than a

Prompt 2885:
The United States has created sensational hype over China s military modernization , the defense ministry has said in reaction to a White House report branding China a competitor seeking to challenge U.S. power .

Prompt 2886:
U.N. special envoy on Syria Staffan de Mistura will arrive in Kazakhstan s capital on Friday to take part in Syria peace talks , the Kazakh Foreign Ministry said on Thursday , according to Russia

Prompt 2887:
Indonesian police appealed on Thursday for tolerance and respect for other people s religious celebrations after an Islamist group threatened to raid businesses to check for Muslims being forced to wear Santa Claus hats or

Prompt 2888:
A former Korean Air Lines executive who went into a rage on an aircraft over the way she was served nuts in first class avoided jail on Thursday when South Korea s Supreme Court upheld

Prompt 2889:
Chinese tourists are still visiting Pyongyang from China s border city of Dandong , tourism sources say , even after authorities unofficially halted the tours just ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump s visit to

Prompt 2890:
Mexican authorities on Wednesday arrested a former high-ranking official of President Enrique Pena Nieto s party in a corruption investigation in the northern state of Chihuahua , the state s governor said . The arrest

Prompt 2891:
A spokesman for North Korea s foreign ministry said on Thursday Pyongyang is not linked to any cyber attacks , the North s first response since the United States publicly blamed it for a massive

Prompt 2892:
The U.S. State Department has approved an export license for Ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from U.S. manufacturers , spokeswoman Heather Nauert said on Wednesday . Department records show Ukraine has

Prompt 2893:
Venezuela s pro-government legislative superbody ruled on Wednesday that parties who boycotted this month s local elections had lost legitimacy , potentially eliminating the main opposition groups from the 2018 presidential race . The decree

Prompt 2894:
South Korean guards fired around 20 warning shots at North Korean troops searching for a defector who fled across the heavily militarized border between the two countries on Thursday , South Korea s Yonhap news

Prompt 2895:
Cyril Ramaphosa , the new leader of South Africa s governing ANC party , said on Thursday he aims to stamp out corruption and pursue a policy of radical economic transformation that will speed up

Prompt 2896:
The governor of Nuevo Leon , a prosperous state in northern Mexico , requested a leave of absence on Wednesday to run as an independent candidate for president next year . Jaime Rodriguez , known

Prompt 2897:
South Korea plans to buy an additional 20 F-35A stealth fighter aircraft from the United States , a South Korean newspaper reported on Thursday , less than two months after U.S. President Donald Trump announced

Prompt 2898:
British Prime Minister Theresa May forced her most senior minister , Damian Green , to resign on Wednesday after an internal investigation found he had made misleading comments about pornography on computers in his parliamentary

Prompt 2899:
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 struck a town near the Iranian capital Tehran on Wednesday night , state media reported , but there were no initial reports of casualties or significant damage . Last month

Prompt 2900:
The United States on Wednesday followed Mexico in signaling that Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez had won a heavily disputed presidential election last month , lending weight to his legitimacy in spite of ongoing opposition

Prompt 2901:
Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she would permit a delay to Britain s departure from the European Union in exceptional circumstances , bowing to criticism from her own party over the government s

Prompt 2902:
Legislation underpinning the government s plan to leave the European Union passed the latest stage in its journey through parliament on Wednesday , but still faces weeks of scrutiny before it becomes law . After

Prompt 2903:
The European Union wants a transition period after Brexit to end no later than the last day of 2020 , according to the European Commission s negotiating directives agreed on Wednesday . That date ,

Prompt 2904:
The U.S. Treasury Department on Wednesday imposed new sanctions on five Russians and Chechens , including the head of the Russian republic of Chechnya , for alleged human rights abuses . The new sanctions blacklisted

Prompt 2905:
Turkey s prime minister on Wednesday dubbed the killing of minority Muslim Rohingyas in Myanmar by its security forces genocide and urged the international community to ensure their safety back home . Binali Yildirim met

Prompt 2906:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that vote in favor of a draft United Nations resolution calling for the United States to withdraw its decision to recognize

Prompt 2907:
The Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen said on Wednesday it would keep the Houthi-controlled Hodeidah port , vital for aid , open for a month despite a fresh missile attack against Riyadh , but it

Prompt 2908:
British Prime Minister Theresa May will visit China around the end of January to promote her vision of a global Britain whose economy is strongly placed to succeed after Brexit , Sky News reported on

Prompt 2909:
South Africa s ruling African National Congress has adopted a resolution calling for the nationalization of the central bank and land expropriation without compensation , a senior party official said on Wednesday . Any mention

Prompt 2910:
Congo and Uganda are planning a joint military operation against a Congo-based Ugandan rebel group blamed for an attack that killed 15 United Nations peacekeepers , army officials from the two countries said on Wednesday

Prompt 2911:
Ugandan legislators voted late on Wednesday to amend the country s constitution to allow 73-year-old leader Yoweri Museveni to extend his rule , potentially guaranteeing him a life-time presidency . A provision in the current

Prompt 2912:
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau broke some conflict of interest rules when he accepted a vacation last year on the Aga Khan s private island , the ethics watchdog said on Wednesday , the first

Prompt 2913:
Ugandan legislators voted overwhelmingly late on Wednesday to remove from the constitution an age cap of 75 for presidential candidates , allowing President Yoweri Museveni , 73 , to seek re-election at the next polls

Prompt 2914:
Catalonia votes on Thursday for a new administration in an election many hope will resolve Spain s worst crisis in decades after the region declared independence leading Madrid to sack local leaders . Polls suggest

Prompt 2915:
The bodies of six men were found hanging from three different bridges near the Mexican tourist resort of Los Cabos on the Baja California peninsula on Wednesday , local authorities said . The authorities did

Prompt 2916:
The driver of a tour bus that crashed on Tuesday on a quiet road in Mexico s Yucatan Peninsula , killing 12 people , may have lost control after one of the front tires exploded

Prompt 2917:
Cameroonian troops this month crossed into Nigeria in pursuit of rebels without seeking authorization from Nigeria , causing a falling-out between the governments behind the scenes , sources familiar with the matter told Reuters .

Prompt 2918:
The Saudi-led coalition will allow four cranes into the Houthi-controlled port of Hodeidah to boost humanitarian aid deliveries into wartorn Yemen , the Saudi ambassador to Sanaa said on Wednesday . Saudi-led forces blocked the

Prompt 2919:
German police arrested a 29-year-old man they said was an active member of Islamic State who was plotting a truck attack on an ice rink . The arrest , a year after Anis Amri ,

Prompt 2920:
Denmark will no longer automatically accept a quota of refugees under a U.N. resettlement program after passing a law on Wednesday that enables the government to determine how many can enter each year . Since

Prompt 2921:
The police chief of the Philippines on Wednesday stood by the head of a secretive unit behind dozens of killings in the country s war on drugs , saying officers fired only in self-defence and

Prompt 2922:
The U.N. s freedom of speech expert said on Wednesday he was concerned about the ramifications of a decision in the United States to roll back net neutrality , since it could lead to small

Prompt 2923:
Opposition groups quit the government of Iraq s Kurdish region on Wednesday in protest at violent unrest in which at least three people were killed , with one group saying authorities had shown a flagrant

Prompt 2924:
Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said on Wednesday his new coalition would focus on fighting anti-Semitism , after Israel made it clear it would not work directly with any ministers from the far-right party now back

Prompt 2925:
Air strikes killed 19 people in a village in Syria s rebel stronghold of Idlib overnight , a rescue service there and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Wednesday . The strikes pounded

Prompt 2926:
The EU executive launched an unprecedented process on Wednesday to suspend Poland s voting rights in the European Union after two years of dispute over judicial reforms that Brussels says undermine Polish courts independence .

Prompt 2927:
Polish President Andrzej Duda has signed into law two bills overhauling the judiciary , he said on Wednesday , in defiance of European Union criticism that the legislation undermines the rule of law in central

Prompt 2928:
Romania s senate approved on Wednesday part of a judicial overhaul criticized by the European Commission , the United States and the country s own president as a threat to judicial independence . The bill

Prompt 2929:
The 193-member United Nations General Assembly will hold a rare emergency special session on Thursday at the request of Arab and Muslim states on U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel

Prompt 2930:
Turkey said on Wednesday the United States has isolated itself by recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital and accused it of threatening countries that might vote against it on the matter at an emergency U.N.

Prompt 2931:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats ( SPD ) have agreed to exploratory talks on forming a new government starting on Jan. 7 , both parties said on Wednesday after informal

Prompt 2932:
Lawyers for an executive at Turkey s majority state-owned Halkbank who is accused of helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions on Wednesday asked a U.S. federal judge to declare a mistrial as jurors were expected to

Prompt 2933:
The Swiss government urged voters on Wednesday to reject a campaign for a nationwide ban on face veils , saying any decision on facial coverings was a matter for Switzerland s cantons individually . But

Prompt 2934:
Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa on Wednesday promised zero tolerance in his government s push to punish corruption that stifled political freedom and economic growth under Robert Mugabe s 37-year rule . Mnangagwa , giving his

Prompt 2935:
Bulgaria s parliament passed anti-corruption legislation on Wednesday under European Union pressure over its failure to prosecute venal officials , but President Rumen Radev has said the bill is not fit for purpose and he

Prompt 2936:
The center-right government of Peru s embattled President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski canceled its scheduled auction of a $ 2 billion copper project , Michiquillay , on Wednesday amid a growing political crisis , two government

Prompt 2937:
Saudi Arabia s King Salman received Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Riyadh on Wednesday and reiterated the kingdom s support for the Palestinian people , state news agency SPA reported . The king reassured the

Prompt 2938:
Six aid workers kidnapped by rebels in South Sudan earlier this week have been released , according to the United Nations and a spokesman for the rebels . The aid workers are from the French

Prompt 2939:
The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad said on Wednesday it was concerned by the closure of a local Kurdish broadcaster at the hands of Iraqi Kurdish security forces a day earlier . We are concerned by

Prompt 2940:
Ukrainian officials , security monitors and Kiev s foreign backers warned on Wednesday that Moscow s decision to withdraw from a Ukrainian-Russian ceasefire control group could worsen the fighting in eastern Ukraine . On Monday

Prompt 2941:
France s prime minister , whose government has vowed to clean up politics , was forced on Wednesday to defend his decision to hire a private jet for 350,000 euros ( $ 415,000 ) to

Prompt 2942:
Below are details of the European Commission s decision to launch the Article 7 procedure against Poland on Wednesday over judicial reforms that Brussels says undermine Polish courts independence . The procedure could lead to

Prompt 2943:
Myanmar s army said on Wednesday that it had appointed a senior officer to investigate whether any members of the security forces were involved in the killing of 10 people whose bodies have been uncovered

Prompt 2944:
U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital will stoke violence in the region , former Saudi intelligence chief Prince Turki al-Faisal said , dismissing reports of prior consultations made with

Prompt 2945:
Some Somali lawmakers said on Wednesday they plan to impeach the president in a mounting political crisis that could put the fledgling government on a violent collision course with one of the country s most

Prompt 2946:
South Korean officials said on Wednesday a proposed delay in military drills with the United States was aimed at ensuring a peaceful 2018 Winter Olympics , not ending the North Korean missile crisis , as

Prompt 2947:
Russia has detained a Norwegian citizen it suspects of spying , his Norwegian lawyer and the RIA news agency said on Tuesday , citing a Moscow court which sanctioned the individual s detention . Media

Prompt 2948:
Two Kosovo men pleaded guilty on Wednesday to planning attacks at a World Cup soccer match in Albania against the visiting Israel team last year . Kosovo police arrested 19 people in November 2016 on

Prompt 2949:
Islamic State has claimed an attack on an Egyptian military airport that killed one officer and wounded two near the town of Arish in North Sinai on Tuesday , the group s Amaq news agency

Prompt 2950:
The approval rating for Brazilian President Michel Temer s scandal-plagued government has doubled to 6 percent from the prior survey , a new poll published on Wednesday showed , as the country s economy continues

Prompt 2951:
Largely unperturbed by Angela Merkel s failure to form a government after a September election , many Germans are taking the prospect of several more months of coalition talks in their stride . The country

Prompt 2952:
Poland is currently seen as a force for disintegration of the European Union ( EU ) and hence it is important to end the destruction of Warsaw s reputation , European Council President Donald Tusk

Prompt 2953:
The European Commission s decision to launch the so-called Article 7 procedure against Poland may be related to Warsaw s refusal to accept Muslim migrants , spokeswoman of the ruling Law and Justice ( PiS

Prompt 2954:
An Istanbul prosecutor has issued arrest warrants for the parents of a former police investigator who gave evidence at the trial of a Turkish banker in the United States last week , the Hurriyet newspaper

Prompt 2955:
Argentina s previous government never asked Interpol to drop arrest warrants against a group of Iranians accused of bombing a Jewish center , the ex-head of the police agency said on Wednesday , as the

Prompt 2956:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan leapt to the defence of an Ottoman military commander on Wednesday after the United Arab Emirates foreign minister retweeted accusations that Ottoman forces looted the holy city of Medina during World

Prompt 2957:
Mudassir , 18 , from Pakistan s city of Peshawar has tried to enter the European Union 30 times but was always caught and sent back to his starting point in Serbia . Now ,

Prompt 2958:
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has declared a 10-day unilateral ceasefire with communist rebels to allow Filipinos to celebrate a stress-free Christmas season , two weeks after peace talks with the insurgents were formally scrapped .

Prompt 2959:
In a joint sting , Serbian and Croatian police have detained 17 people suspected of smuggling dozens of migrants into the European Union , Serbia s Interior Ministry said on Wednesday . Serbia was at

Prompt 2960:
The latest U.S. sanctions imposed on five Russians and Chechens are grotesque and groundless , and Moscow will hit back with tit-for-tat sanctions , Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Thursday . The

Prompt 2961:
Lebanon s interior minister said on Thursday that Uber driver suspected of murdering a British embassy worker last week had served time in prison , and he accused the company of not checking criminal records

Prompt 2962:
Sixty people including a former military chief faced demands for life jail terms over a 1997 campaign of army pressure , known in Turkey as the post-modern coup , that toppled the country s first

Prompt 2963:
Four people were killed and seven were missing after a Philippine ferry with 251 people on board capsized during bad weather on Thursday near the capital , Manila , disaster officials and a coastguard spokesman

Prompt 2964:
A suspicious package that prompted an evacuation of a Christmas market in Frankfurt has turned out to be harmless , the city s police said on Twitter . Authorities said the package in question at

Prompt 2965:
Kurdish-led Syrian groups plan to attend Russia s proposed Syria peace talks in the Black Sea resort of Sochi , Kurdish officials have said . The Syria peace congress was originally scheduled for Nov. 18

Prompt 2966:
Chinese military aircraft have again carried out drills in the Western Pacific , the Xinhua state news agency said on Thursday , with bombers and fighters from a South China Sea naval air arm exercising

Prompt 2967:
Three men accused of killing Maltese anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia were committed to trial on Thursday by a magistrate hearing preliminary evidence . Brothers George and Alfred Degiorgio and Vincent Muscat were arrested in

Prompt 2968:
Russia may decide to designate any media as foreign agents if they are financed by a foreign state or citizen , or by a Russian organization that gets foreign financing , the Interfax news agency

Prompt 2969:
British Prime Minister Theresa May forced her most senior minister , Damian Green , to resign for lying about whether he knew pornography had been found on computers in his parliamentary office . The resignation

Prompt 2970:
There is no firm date yet for the much-discussed Syria peace congress , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Thursday . No one wants to artificially accelerate holding of the congress , Peskov told reporters

Prompt 2971:
The approval by the United States of an export license for Ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from U.S. manufacturers may provoke hotheads among Ukrainian nationalists to seek to unleash a new

Prompt 2972:
Food security in the Middle East and North Africa is quickly deteriorating because of conflict in several countries in the region , the United Nations said on Thursday . In those hardest hit by crises

Prompt 2973:
One thousand French goats have found a new home in Russia s Ural mountains as a local company bets on producing European-style cheeses no longer available for import . Russia banned the wholesale import of

Prompt 2974:
An Indian court on Thursday acquitted a former telecoms minister , politicians and business executives of graft and money laundering charges in the grant of telecoms licenses due to lack of evidence in one of

Prompt 2975:
A Beijing court on Thursday handed down jail sentences of up to 15 years to 85 people deported from Kenya for telecoms fraud , including 44 from self-ruled Taiwan , an island Beijing claims as

Prompt 2976:
Peru s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski on Wednesday signaled both his vice presidents would resign if Congress forced him from office , calling an opposition bid to remove him a coup attempt that had to

Prompt 2977:
A car was deliberately driven into pedestrians in the Australian city of Melbourne on Thursday , injuring up to 14 people , though the motive was not known , police said . We believe based

Prompt 2978:
The U.N. independent investigator into human rights in Myanmar called on Wednesday for stronger international pressure to be exerted on Myanmar s military commanders after being barred from visiting the country for the rest of

Prompt 2979:
When Vladimir Kabunin signed up as a private military contractor , he saw a chance to make a wage much higher than any he could earn in his provincial Russian hometown . Happy to be

Prompt 2980:
Australia has discovered the wreck of its first submarine off the coast of Papua New Guinea , authorities said on Thursday , resolving one of the country s oldest naval mysteries after more than a

Prompt 2981:
The United States has created sensational hype over China s military modernization , the defense ministry has said in reaction to a White House report branding China a competitor seeking to challenge U.S. power .

Prompt 2982:
U.N. special envoy on Syria Staffan de Mistura will arrive in Kazakhstan s capital on Friday to take part in Syria peace talks , the Kazakh Foreign Ministry said on Thursday , according to Russia

Prompt 2983:
Indonesian police appealed on Thursday for tolerance and respect for other people s religious celebrations after an Islamist group threatened to raid businesses to check for Muslims being forced to wear Santa Claus hats or

Prompt 2984:
A former Korean Air Lines executive who went into a rage on an aircraft over the way she was served nuts in first class avoided jail on Thursday when South Korea s Supreme Court upheld

Prompt 2985:
Chinese tourists are still visiting Pyongyang from China s border city of Dandong , tourism sources say , even after authorities unofficially halted the tours just ahead of U.S. President Donald Trump s visit to

Prompt 2986:
Mexican authorities on Wednesday arrested a former high-ranking official of President Enrique Pena Nieto s party in a corruption investigation in the northern state of Chihuahua , the state s governor said . The arrest

Prompt 2987:
A spokesman for North Korea s foreign ministry said on Thursday Pyongyang is not linked to any cyber attacks , the North s first response since the United States publicly blamed it for a massive

Prompt 2988:
The U.S. State Department has approved an export license for Ukraine to buy certain light weapons and small arms from U.S. manufacturers , spokeswoman Heather Nauert said on Wednesday . Department records show Ukraine has

Prompt 2989:
Venezuela s pro-government legislative superbody ruled on Wednesday that parties who boycotted this month s local elections had lost legitimacy , potentially eliminating the main opposition groups from the 2018 presidential race . The decree

Prompt 2990:
South Korean guards fired around 20 warning shots at North Korean troops searching for a defector who fled across the heavily militarized border between the two countries on Thursday , South Korea s Yonhap news

Prompt 2991:
Cyril Ramaphosa , the new leader of South Africa s governing ANC party , said on Thursday he aims to stamp out corruption and pursue a policy of radical economic transformation that will speed up

Prompt 2992:
The governor of Nuevo Leon , a prosperous state in northern Mexico , requested a leave of absence on Wednesday to run as an independent candidate for president next year . Jaime Rodriguez , known

Prompt 2993:
South Korea plans to buy an additional 20 F-35A stealth fighter aircraft from the United States , a South Korean newspaper reported on Thursday , less than two months after U.S. President Donald Trump announced

Prompt 2994:
British Prime Minister Theresa May forced her most senior minister , Damian Green , to resign on Wednesday after an internal investigation found he had made misleading comments about pornography on computers in his parliamentary

Prompt 2995:
An earthquake of magnitude 5.2 struck a town near the Iranian capital Tehran on Wednesday night , state media reported , but there were no initial reports of casualties or significant damage . Last month

Prompt 2996:
The United States on Wednesday followed Mexico in signaling that Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez had won a heavily disputed presidential election last month , lending weight to his legitimacy in spite of ongoing opposition

Prompt 2997:
Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she would permit a delay to Britain s departure from the European Union in exceptional circumstances , bowing to criticism from her own party over the government s

Prompt 2998:
Legislation underpinning the government s plan to leave the European Union passed the latest stage in its journey through parliament on Wednesday , but still faces weeks of scrutiny before it becomes law . After

Prompt 2999:
The European Union wants a transition period after Brexit to end no later than the last day of 2020 , according to the European Commission s negotiating directives agreed on Wednesday . That date ,

Prompt 3000:
The U.S. Treasury Department on Wednesday imposed new sanctions on five Russians and Chechens , including the head of the Russian republic of Chechnya , for alleged human rights abuses . The new sanctions blacklisted

Prompt 3001:
Turkey s prime minister on Wednesday dubbed the killing of minority Muslim Rohingyas in Myanmar by its security forces genocide and urged the international community to ensure their safety back home . Binali Yildirim met

Prompt 3002:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday threatened to cut off financial aid to countries that vote in favor of a draft United Nations resolution calling for the United States to withdraw its decision to recognize

Prompt 3003:
The Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen said on Wednesday it would keep the Houthi-controlled Hodeidah port , vital for aid , open for a month despite a fresh missile attack against Riyadh , but it

Prompt 3004:
British Prime Minister Theresa May will visit China around the end of January to promote her vision of a global Britain whose economy is strongly placed to succeed after Brexit , Sky News reported on

Prompt 3005:
South Africa s ruling African National Congress has adopted a resolution calling for the nationalization of the central bank and land expropriation without compensation , a senior party official said on Wednesday . Any mention

Prompt 3006:
Congo and Uganda are planning a joint military operation against a Congo-based Ugandan rebel group blamed for an attack that killed 15 United Nations peacekeepers , army officials from the two countries said on Wednesday

Prompt 3007:
Ugandan legislators voted late on Wednesday to amend the country s constitution to allow 73-year-old leader Yoweri Museveni to extend his rule , potentially guaranteeing him a life-time presidency . A provision in the current

Prompt 3008:
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau broke some conflict of interest rules when he accepted a vacation last year on the Aga Khan s private island , the ethics watchdog said on Wednesday , the first

Prompt 3009:
Ugandan legislators voted overwhelmingly late on Wednesday to remove from the constitution an age cap of 75 for presidential candidates , allowing President Yoweri Museveni , 73 , to seek re-election at the next polls

Prompt 3010:
Catalonia votes on Thursday for a new administration in an election many hope will resolve Spain s worst crisis in decades after the region declared independence leading Madrid to sack local leaders . Polls suggest

Prompt 3011:
The bodies of six men were found hanging from three different bridges near the Mexican tourist resort of Los Cabos on the Baja California peninsula on Wednesday , local authorities said . The authorities did

Prompt 3012:
The driver of a tour bus that crashed on Tuesday on a quiet road in Mexico s Yucatan Peninsula , killing 12 people , may have lost control after one of the front tires exploded

Prompt 3013:
Cameroonian troops this month crossed into Nigeria in pursuit of rebels without seeking authorization from Nigeria , causing a falling-out between the governments behind the scenes , sources familiar with the matter told Reuters .

Prompt 3014:
The Saudi-led coalition will allow four cranes into the Houthi-controlled port of Hodeidah to boost humanitarian aid deliveries into wartorn Yemen , the Saudi ambassador to Sanaa said on Wednesday . Saudi-led forces blocked the

Prompt 3015:
German police arrested a 29-year-old man they said was an active member of Islamic State who was plotting a truck attack on an ice rink . The arrest , a year after Anis Amri ,

Prompt 3016:
Denmark will no longer automatically accept a quota of refugees under a U.N. resettlement program after passing a law on Wednesday that enables the government to determine how many can enter each year . Since

Prompt 3017:
The police chief of the Philippines on Wednesday stood by the head of a secretive unit behind dozens of killings in the country s war on drugs , saying officers fired only in self-defence and

Prompt 3018:
The U.N. s freedom of speech expert said on Wednesday he was concerned about the ramifications of a decision in the United States to roll back net neutrality , since it could lead to small

Prompt 3019:
Opposition groups quit the government of Iraq s Kurdish region on Wednesday in protest at violent unrest in which at least three people were killed , with one group saying authorities had shown a flagrant

Prompt 3020:
Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said on Wednesday his new coalition would focus on fighting anti-Semitism , after Israel made it clear it would not work directly with any ministers from the far-right party now back

Prompt 3021:
Air strikes killed 19 people in a village in Syria s rebel stronghold of Idlib overnight , a rescue service there and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Wednesday . The strikes pounded

Prompt 3022:
The EU executive launched an unprecedented process on Wednesday to suspend Poland s voting rights in the European Union after two years of dispute over judicial reforms that Brussels says undermine Polish courts independence .

Prompt 3023:
Polish President Andrzej Duda has signed into law two bills overhauling the judiciary , he said on Wednesday , in defiance of European Union criticism that the legislation undermines the rule of law in central

Prompt 3024:
Romania s senate approved on Wednesday part of a judicial overhaul criticized by the European Commission , the United States and the country s own president as a threat to judicial independence . The bill

Prompt 3025:
The 193-member United Nations General Assembly will hold a rare emergency special session on Thursday at the request of Arab and Muslim states on U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel

Prompt 3026:
Turkey said on Wednesday the United States has isolated itself by recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital and accused it of threatening countries that might vote against it on the matter at an emergency U.N.

Prompt 3027:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the Social Democrats ( SPD ) have agreed to exploratory talks on forming a new government starting on Jan. 7 , both parties said on Wednesday after informal

Prompt 3028:
Lawyers for an executive at Turkey s majority state-owned Halkbank who is accused of helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions on Wednesday asked a U.S. federal judge to declare a mistrial as jurors were expected to

Prompt 3029:
The Swiss government urged voters on Wednesday to reject a campaign for a nationwide ban on face veils , saying any decision on facial coverings was a matter for Switzerland s cantons individually . But

Prompt 3030:
Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa on Wednesday promised zero tolerance in his government s push to punish corruption that stifled political freedom and economic growth under Robert Mugabe s 37-year rule . Mnangagwa , giving his

Prompt 3031:
Bulgaria s parliament passed anti-corruption legislation on Wednesday under European Union pressure over its failure to prosecute venal officials , but President Rumen Radev has said the bill is not fit for purpose and he

Prompt 3032:
The center-right government of Peru s embattled President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski canceled its scheduled auction of a $ 2 billion copper project , Michiquillay , on Wednesday amid a growing political crisis , two government

Prompt 3033:
Saudi Arabia s King Salman received Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Riyadh on Wednesday and reiterated the kingdom s support for the Palestinian people , state news agency SPA reported . The king reassured the

Prompt 3034:
Six aid workers kidnapped by rebels in South Sudan earlier this week have been released , according to the United Nations and a spokesman for the rebels . The aid workers are from the French

Prompt 3035:
The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad said on Wednesday it was concerned by the closure of a local Kurdish broadcaster at the hands of Iraqi Kurdish security forces a day earlier . We are concerned by

Prompt 3036:
Ukrainian officials , security monitors and Kiev s foreign backers warned on Wednesday that Moscow s decision to withdraw from a Ukrainian-Russian ceasefire control group could worsen the fighting in eastern Ukraine . On Monday

Prompt 3037:
France s prime minister , whose government has vowed to clean up politics , was forced on Wednesday to defend his decision to hire a private jet for 350,000 euros ( $ 415,000 ) to

Prompt 3038:
Below are details of the European Commission s decision to launch the Article 7 procedure against Poland on Wednesday over judicial reforms that Brussels says undermine Polish courts independence . The procedure could lead to

Prompt 3039:
Myanmar s army said on Wednesday that it had appointed a senior officer to investigate whether any members of the security forces were involved in the killing of 10 people whose bodies have been uncovered

Prompt 3040:
U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital will stoke violence in the region , former Saudi intelligence chief Prince Turki al-Faisal said , dismissing reports of prior consultations made with

Prompt 3041:
Some Somali lawmakers said on Wednesday they plan to impeach the president in a mounting political crisis that could put the fledgling government on a violent collision course with one of the country s most

Prompt 3042:
South Korean officials said on Wednesday a proposed delay in military drills with the United States was aimed at ensuring a peaceful 2018 Winter Olympics , not ending the North Korean missile crisis , as

Prompt 3043:
Russia has detained a Norwegian citizen it suspects of spying , his Norwegian lawyer and the RIA news agency said on Tuesday , citing a Moscow court which sanctioned the individual s detention . Media

Prompt 3044:
Two Kosovo men pleaded guilty on Wednesday to planning attacks at a World Cup soccer match in Albania against the visiting Israel team last year . Kosovo police arrested 19 people in November 2016 on

Prompt 3045:
Islamic State has claimed an attack on an Egyptian military airport that killed one officer and wounded two near the town of Arish in North Sinai on Tuesday , the group s Amaq news agency

Prompt 3046:
The approval rating for Brazilian President Michel Temer s scandal-plagued government has doubled to 6 percent from the prior survey , a new poll published on Wednesday showed , as the country s economy continues

Prompt 3047:
Largely unperturbed by Angela Merkel s failure to form a government after a September election , many Germans are taking the prospect of several more months of coalition talks in their stride . The country

Prompt 3048:
Poland is currently seen as a force for disintegration of the European Union ( EU ) and hence it is important to end the destruction of Warsaw s reputation , European Council President Donald Tusk

Prompt 3049:
The European Commission s decision to launch the so-called Article 7 procedure against Poland may be related to Warsaw s refusal to accept Muslim migrants , spokeswoman of the ruling Law and Justice ( PiS

Prompt 3050:
An Istanbul prosecutor has issued arrest warrants for the parents of a former police investigator who gave evidence at the trial of a Turkish banker in the United States last week , the Hurriyet newspaper

Prompt 3051:
Argentina s previous government never asked Interpol to drop arrest warrants against a group of Iranians accused of bombing a Jewish center , the ex-head of the police agency said on Wednesday , as the

Prompt 3052:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan leapt to the defence of an Ottoman military commander on Wednesday after the United Arab Emirates foreign minister retweeted accusations that Ottoman forces looted the holy city of Medina during World

Prompt 3053:
Mudassir , 18 , from Pakistan s city of Peshawar has tried to enter the European Union 30 times but was always caught and sent back to his starting point in Serbia . Now ,

Prompt 3054:
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has declared a 10-day unilateral ceasefire with communist rebels to allow Filipinos to celebrate a stress-free Christmas season , two weeks after peace talks with the insurgents were formally scrapped .

Prompt 3055:
In a joint sting , Serbian and Croatian police have detained 17 people suspected of smuggling dozens of migrants into the European Union , Serbia s Interior Ministry said on Wednesday . Serbia was at

Prompt 3056:
A man accused of plotting to kill British Prime Minister Theresa May will go on trial next June for five weeks , a London court said on Wednesday . Naa imur Rahman , 20 ,

Prompt 3057:
Germany would support the European Commission if it opens proceedings against Poland over legal reforms there , a spokesman for the German government said on Wednesday . If it comes to the decision we will

Prompt 3058:
A British man accused of posting a picture of four-year-old Prince George and the address of his London school as part of a series of possible targets for Islamist militants will face trial from April

Prompt 3059:
Back from Brussels with a hard-fought Brexit deal , Prime Minister Theresa May wrote an open letter to the three million citizens of other European Union states living in Britain . I know our country

Prompt 3060:
The European Union wants a transition period after Brexit to end no later than Dec. 31 , 2020 , according to the European Commission s negotiating directives agreed on Wednesday . The transitional arrangements should

Prompt 3061:
A Tokyo-based non-governmental organization , Human Rights Now , on Wednesday called on the Japanese government to take a stronger stance over the arrests of two Reuters journalists detained in Myanmar last week . Japanese

Prompt 3062:
One of the main parties behind Afghanistan s Western-backed government warned President Ashraf Ghani that it could withdraw its support unless he reversed the dismissal of one of its most powerful regional governors this week

Prompt 3063:
Thousands of impoverished Venezuelans are crossing the border to Colombia every day to sell cheap basics , from oranges to candles , in a desperate attempt to earn hard currency amid their country s worsening

Prompt 3064:
Russia is working on defensive measures to prepare for possible new sanctions from the United States and other countries , the Kremlin said on Wednesday . U.S. President Donald Trump signed into law a new

Prompt 3065:
President Donald Trump plans to visit Britain in February to open the new U.S. embassy in London but will not meet Queen Elizabeth , the Daily Mail newspaper reported on Wednesday . Trump s planned

Prompt 3066:
A senior U.N. official said on Tuesday that Israel s killing of a disabled Palestinian man protesting against U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital was incomprehensible , but Israel

Prompt 3067:
South Korea s coast guard said it fired 249 warning shots over a group of Chinese fishing boats swarming around one of its patrol ships in South Korean waters , prompting a call for restraint

Prompt 3068:
China has resumed its ban on group tours into South Korea , South Korea s inbound travel agency said on Wednesday , an issue that erupted last year as part of China s retaliation over

Prompt 3069:
Back from Brussels with a hard-fought Brexit deal , Prime Minister Theresa May wrote an open letter to the three million citizens of other European Union states living in Britain . I know our country

Prompt 3070:
China has condemned a Taiwan government probe into a tiny but passionately pro-China opposition party , the latest flashpoint between Beijing and a self-ruled island it considers its own . Taiwanese investigators searched the homes

Prompt 3071:
Thailand aims to get its air safety rating upgraded by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) by March , the country s transport minister said on Wednesday , after the FAA downgraded the

Prompt 3072:
Vietnam police on Wednesday ordered the prosecution of a former executive at scandal-hit state energy company PetroVietnam over financial losses , the latest move in a high-level corruption crackdown that has seen a politburo member

Prompt 3073:
Mexico recognized Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez on Tuesday as the winner of last month s election , just days after the Organization of American States called for a fresh vote to dispel widespread allegations

Prompt 3074:
U.N. investigators Zaida Catalan and Michael Sharp were on familiar ground when they sat down with local leaders in central Congo in March to discuss a widening seven-month-old conflict in the area . The pair

Prompt 3075:
French president Emmanuel Macron s popularity jumped back above 50 percent thanks in part to better ratings among the young and the working class , an opinion poll showed on Wednesday , confirming a rebound

Prompt 3076:
A journalist was shot dead on Tuesday in the Mexican state of Veracruz as he attended a Christmas celebration at his son s school , the latest murder in the country s deadliest year on

Prompt 3077:
Attacks by Rohingya Muslim insurgents on the Myanmar security forces in Rakhine State triggered a response by the army and Buddhist vigilantes so brutal a senior U.N. official denounced it as a textbook example of

Prompt 3078:
The United States has called on the U.N. Security Council to blacklist 10 ships for circumventing sanctions on North Korea , documents showed on Tuesday , while South Korea s President suggested delaying military exercises

Prompt 3079:
The United States has given China a draft resolution for tougher U.N. sanctions on North Korea and is hoping for a quick vote on it by the U.N. Security Council , a Western diplomat said

Prompt 3080:
Any delay in South Korea-U.S. military drills would depend on whether North Korea carries out provocations during the 2018 Winter Olympics , an official at Seoul s presidential Blue House said on Wednesday . South

Prompt 3081:
Saudi air defenses shot down a ballistic missile fired by Yemen s Houthi group towards Riyadh on Tuesday , the Saudi-led coalition said , in an attack that could escalate a proxy war between the

Prompt 3082:
U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said a missile fired by Yemen s Houthi group toward Saudi Arabia on Tuesday bears all the hallmarks of previous attacks using Iranian-provided weapons as she

Prompt 3083:
Venezuelan leftist President Nicolas Maduro said on Tuesday that terrorists had broken into a National Guard unit over the weekend and stolen weapons , the latest sign of volatility in the oil-rich country convulsed by

Prompt 3084:
Mexico is poised to recognize Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez as the winner of last month s election , according to a draft foreign ministry statement seen by Reuters , just days after the Organization

Prompt 3085:
Twelve people died and 18 were injured on Tuesday in Mexico s state of Quintana Roo when a tour bus lost control and rolled over during an excursion to ancient ruins . The bus was

Prompt 3086:
Fighting in eastern Ukraine has escalated to the worst level in months , officials monitoring the conflict said on Tuesday , after the shelling of a frontline village wounded eight civilians and destroyed or damaged

Prompt 3087:
Two Reuters journalists completed a week in detention in Myanmar on Tuesday , with no word on where they were being held as authorities proceeded with an investigation into whether they violated the country s

Prompt 3088:
British MPs who inflicted defeat on Prime Minister Theresa May last week in parliament over Brexit have signalled a possible compromise to avoid another row on Wednesday when legislation taking Britain out of the EU

Prompt 3089:
The European Union s executive may trigger a process on Wednesday to begin to strip Poland of its voting rights in the bloc , officials say , as months of tensions between Brussels and Warsaw

Prompt 3090:
A Canadian jury on Tuesday found a man guilty of possessing an explosive substance but cleared him and his partner of three terrorism-related charges after the government alleged they were trying to build a bomb

Prompt 3091:
Canada and the United States said on Tuesday they will co-host a meeting of foreign ministers in Vancouver in January to demonstrate international solidarity against North Korea s continued nuclear and missile tests . Following

Prompt 3092:
The Czech parliament revoked an election of a Communist-era policeman to a police oversight job on Tuesday after some lawmakers claimed the vote was manipulated . Earlier , the lower chamber entrusted oversight of the

Prompt 3093:
Several countries , the United Nations and journalist groups are demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar . The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 after

Prompt 3094:
U.S. prosecutors on Tuesday urged a New York jury to find Mehmet Hakan Atilla , an executive at Turkey s majority state-owned Halkbank , guilty of helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions , while Atilla s

Prompt 3095:
Austria s new chancellor traveled to Brussels on Tuesday on his first foreign trip since being sworn in , aiming to dispel concerns that his coalition with the far right spells trouble for the European

Prompt 3096:
When Chile s President Michelle Bachelet leaves office in March , it will mark the end of a generation of women leaders in Latin America , leaving the region without a female head of state

Prompt 3097:
Argentina s Congress passed a reform to the pension system on Tuesday , after days of demonstrations by the bill s opponents and violent clashes between protesters and police . The measure is central to

Prompt 3098:
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Tuesday he approved of Austria s coalition agreement , saying he would judge the government of Christian Democrats and the far-right Freedom Party by its deeds . As

Prompt 3099:
In many ways Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo , two Reuters journalists arrested in Myanmar , symbolize their country s emergence after decades of isolation . Both from modest , provincial backgrounds , they

Prompt 3100:
At the end of an illustrated book written for children in Myanmar , a much-loved village teacher who has planted many trees and a beautiful garden tells his students that the time has come for

Prompt 3101:
The U.S. State Department called on Tuesday for the immediate release of two Reuters journalists who have been detained for about a week in Myanmar and whose whereabouts have not been reported to their families

Prompt 3102:
France s struggling Socialist Party said on Tuesday it had agreed to sell its historic headquarters in Paris Left Bank for 45.5 million euros ( $ 53.89 million ) , after a stinging electoral defeat

Prompt 3103:
Billionaire Marcelo Odebrecht , the highest-profile executive imprisoned in Brazil s massive graft scandal , was released from jail on Tuesday to continue his sentence for corruption under house arrest , according to a federal

Prompt 3104:
Germany should learn from security shortcomings exposed by a deadly truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market a year ago and increase aid to survivors and families of victims , Chancellor Angela Merkel said on

Prompt 3105:
The president of Honduras declared himself re-elected on Tuesday despite calls from the Organization of American States ( OAS ) for a fresh vote over allegations of fraud and deadly protests following last month s

Prompt 3106:
The head of an opposition alliance in Honduras on Tuesday said the group would file a legal challenge to annul the official results of last month s disputed vote that handed victory to the sitting

Prompt 3107:
U.S. President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May talked about ways to move towards peace in the Middle East in a phone call on Tuesday , the White House said . The president

Prompt 3108:
Kenyan police raided an Islamic school on Tuesday , arresting two teachers and taking around 100 children into protective custody in what police described as a counter-terrorism operation involving foreign law-enforcement agencies . Police described

Prompt 3109:
A 96-year-old German convicted over his role in the murders of 300,000 people at the Auschwitz Nazi death camp has challenged his four-year prison sentence , arguing that imprisonment would violate his right to life

Prompt 3110:
Colombia s President Juan Manuel Santos on Tuesday named Gustavo Bell as the government s chief negotiator in peace talks with Marxist ELN rebels and said the government will work toward extending a ceasefire with

Prompt 3111:
Mexican leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has an 11-percentage point lead ahead of next year s presidential election , according to an opinion poll taken in the last week , giving him a sizeable advantage

Prompt 3112:
Uganda s parliament abruptly adjourned a debate on Tuesday over extending President Yoweri Museveni s decades in power after a lawmaker said soldiers had entered the building and members of parliament scuffled with police .

Prompt 3113:
The bomb used to kill Maltese anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia was probably triggered by a call from a boat off Malta , an investigator said on Tuesday , laying out initial evidence against three

Prompt 3114:
The United Nations will propose to Syria s warring parties a timeline for elections and guidance on constitutional reform in a bid to revive stalled peace talks , mediator Staffan de Mistura told the U.N.

Prompt 3115:
Mexican prosecutors are failing to systematically punish money launderers and tax authorities are too lax with potential drug money fronts such as real estate and luxury goods firms , according to a draft report on

Prompt 3116:
European aviation safety authorities have urged airlines to remind passengers about how best to transport electronic devices containing lithium ion batteries over the busy Christmas travel period . Lithium ion batteries , found in devices

Prompt 3117:
Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa gave his clearest signal yet on Tuesday that he would appoint as vice president the military leader who led the de facto coup that ousted former leader Robert Mugabe last month

Prompt 3118:
Three people were killed and more than 80 wounded on Tuesday when Kurdish demonstrators joined a second day of protests against years of austerity and unpaid public sector salaries amid tensions between their region and

Prompt 3119:
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Tuesday he would take action if any citizen was attacked in the country s northern semi-autonomous Kurdistan region , state television reporter . We would not stand idly

Prompt 3120:
Iraqi Kurdistan s internal security forces , Asayish , have raided the offices of Kurdish private broadcaster NRT in the province of Sulaimaniya and taken the channel off the air , its head told Reuters

Prompt 3121:
Denmark s right-wing government secured backing from a junior partner for the 2018 budget on Tuesday , defusing a crisis that had threatened to bring down the minority coalition . The Liberal Alliance ( LA

Prompt 3122:
British Prime Minister Theresa May urged Donald Trump to bring forward proposals on achieving peace in the Middle East after the U.S. president recognised Jerusalem as Israel s capital . May spoke to Trump by

Prompt 3123:
An Egyptian army officer was sentenced to six years in prison on Tuesday after announcing his intention last month to run in the country s 2018 presidential election , his lawyer and wife said .

Prompt 3124:
The United States has proposed that the United Nations Security Council blacklist 10 ships for transporting banned items from North Korea , according to documents seen by Reuters on Tuesday . The vessels are accused

Prompt 3125:
The United Nations plans to move up to 10,000 illegal migrants from Libya next year , a senior U.N. official said on Tuesday , in a bid to relieve the plight of thousands stranded in

Prompt 3126:
The Trump administration has publicly blamed North Korea for unleashing the so-called WannaCry cyber attack that crippled hospitals , banks and other companies across the globe earlier this year . The attack was widespread and

Prompt 3127:
A series of recent cyber attacks has netted North Korean hackers millions of dollars in virtual currencies like bitcoin , with more attacks expected as international sanctions drive the country to seek new sources of

Prompt 3128:
Two French ministers said on Tuesday they had no immediate plans to overhaul legislation to make it easier to target corrupt foreign firms - a change demanded by their own anti-graft agency . Charles Duchaine

Prompt 3129:
Myanmar authorities have found 10 bodies buried in a mass grave on the edge of a village in Rakhine State , the military-run newspaper Myawady reported on Tuesday , a day after the army said

Prompt 3130:
An Egyptian military officer was killed and two other people were wounded in a shell attack on a military airport near the town of Arish in the North Sinai region on Tuesday , the army

Prompt 3131:
Austria s new coalition government will press ahead with plans to offer citizenship to the German-speaking minority in northern Italy , it said on Tuesday , but pledged to consult Rome on the project ,

Prompt 3132:
Britain s biggest ever warship , the new 3.1 billion pound ( $ 4.2 billion ) aircraft carrier HMS Queen Elizabeth , has a leak and needs repairs , the Ministry of Defence ( MoD

Prompt 3133:
A trio of U.S. , Japanese and Russian astronauts arrived at the International Space Station on Tuesday , a NASA TV broadcast showed . Commander Anton Shkaplerov of Roscosmos and flight engineers Norishige Kanai of

Prompt 3134:
Iran said on Tuesday U.S. President Donald Trump can not cause its nuclear deal with six major powers to collapse . The nuclear deal will not collapse ... Those who hope that Trump will cause

Prompt 3135:
When Cyril Ramaphosa won the tight vote to become the new leader of the African National Congress on Monday after years of near-misses , his loyal supporters jumped to their feet , pumping their fists

Prompt 3136:
Germany s defense minister said on Tuesday she wanted to boost the German presence in Afghanistan , in the first public indication that Berlin could accept a U.S. call for more soldiers to help reverse

Prompt 3137:
U.S. President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May will speak in a call scheduled for later on Tuesday , her spokesman told reporters . The spokesman gave no further details about the call

Prompt 3138:
The German government condemned Tuesday s firing of a ballistic missile by the Houthi militia toward Riyadh , calling for an immediate ceasefire and U.N.-led peace negotiations . We condemn the renewed missile launch from

Prompt 3139:
In El Alto , a former shantytown high in the Andes that has mushroomed into Bolivia s second-largest city , students and professors are growing disenchanted with Evo Morales , the leftist president their protests

Prompt 3140:
Palestinian billionaire Sabih al-Masri , Jordan s most powerful businessman , returned to Amman on Tuesday after his release in Saudi Arabia secured when he agreed to pay an unspecified amount of money , sources

Prompt 3141:
South African banking stocks rallied on Tuesday , buoyed by optimism that the newly elected leader of the ruling African National Congress will push through policies aimed at putting the economy on a stronger footing

Prompt 3142:
South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa was elected leader of the African National Congress on Monday in a close-run vote that will set the direction for the country and the scandal-plagued party that has ruled

Prompt 3143:
Turkey will take the resolution calling on the United States to withdraw its declaration of Jerusalem as the Israeli capital to the United Nations General Assembly , Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday .

Prompt 3144:
A major road in east London was partially closed due to a significant police incident on Tuesday , the British capital s transport operator said . Transport for London said on Twitter that East India

Prompt 3145:
Honduran opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla called on United States on Tuesday not to recognize results announced in his country s presidential election and to suspend aid until a new vote can be held . Speaking

Prompt 3146:
Croatia and Slovenia failed to reach a compromise solution for their border dispute in talks on Tuesday , with Slovenia gearing up to implement an international court ruling which Croatia dismisses as invalid . The

Prompt 3147:
Prime Minister Theresa May told her cabinet on Tuesday Britain s objective in leaving the EU should be a deal that enables it to set rules suited to its situation , her spokesman said after

Prompt 3148:
Romanian lawmakers voted on Tuesday to enact judicial changes that critics say will undermine graft investigations by weakening the president s oversight . The move brings the country , ranked as one of the bloc

Prompt 3149:
New ANC leader Cyril Ramaphosa said on Tuesday the Top Six of South Africa s ruling party comprised politicians from different sides of its ideological divides and he expected the party to emerge from this

Prompt 3150:
Britain said North Korea was behind the WannaCry cyber attack that infected computers around the globe earlier this year on Tuesday , joining the United States in blaming Pyongyang for the ransomware incident . Britain

Prompt 3151:
German federal prosecutors on Tuesday finalised their ban on an Islamist association accused of radicalizing youngsters , saying that complaints about the ban from two members of the group had been withdrawn . Last year

Prompt 3152:
Pope Francis and Jordan s King Abdullah on Tuesday discussed U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , a move that both say is dangerous to Middle East peace

Prompt 3153:
Slovenia , birth country of U.S. First Lady Melania Trump , expects revenues from foreign tourists to jump by about 9 percent this year and by at least 5 percent in 2018 , Economy Minister

Prompt 3154:
South Korean President Moon Jae-in said he was willing to take steps to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula ahead of next year s Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang , including curtailing military exercises with the

Prompt 3155:
French President Emmanuel Macron said on Tuesday that Bashar al-Assad was the enemy of millions of his own people and in no position to lecture France , after the Syrian leader accused Paris of supporting

Prompt 3156:
Air strikes by the Saudi-led military coalition in Yemen have killed at least 136 civilians and non-combatants since Dec. 6 , the U.N. human rights spokesman said on Tuesday . Other U.N. officials said the

Prompt 3157:
Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said on Tuesday he would use a special order that gives the military sweeping powers to allow political parties to prepare for next year s general election . Major parties

Prompt 3158:
An army bomb disposal team was sent to a house in northern England after police arrested four men on Tuesday on suspicion of planning acts of terrorism . Three men , aged 22 , 36

Prompt 3159:
The Philippines relieved its navy commander of duty on Tuesday , four months ahead of his retirement , with the armed forces offering no explanation for his removal . Military spokesman Colonel Edgard Arevalo confirmed

Prompt 3160:
Tunisia will hold long-delayed municipal elections in 2018 , the presidency said on Tuesday , the first such vote since the 2011 uprising unseated autocrat Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali . Activists hope the elections will

Prompt 3161:
Indonesia s vice president said on Tuesday that calls for a boycott of U.S. goods over President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel were misguided - not least because

Prompt 3162:
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that former Soviet countries were being threatened by militants using Central Asia and the Middle East as a springboard for expansion , the RIA news agency reported .

Prompt 3163:
The Philippines said on Tuesday it has withdrawn an application for a second grant from a U.S. aid agency after getting $ 434 million in 2010 aimed at reducing poverty , but that the move

Prompt 3164:
A senior politician in Finland s euroskeptic Finns Party said on Tuesday he would step down from the leadership of the party , formerly part of a coalition government , after harassing a lawmaker in

Prompt 3165:
The U.S. Embassy in Turkey said on Tuesday that visa appointments were only available from early 2019 , due to an accumulation of applications following a diplomatic spat that prompted the two NATO allies to

Prompt 3166:
Opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn said there is likely to be a British national election next year but that he opposes a second referendum on European Union membership , Grazia magazine reported . Prime

Prompt 3167:
Vietnamese police have ordered the prosecution of an official at scandal-hit state energy firm PetroVietnam over financial losses , the Ministry of Public Security said on Tuesday . PetroVietnam is at the heart of a

Prompt 3168:
The Kremlin dismissed U.S. President Donald Trump s new national security strategy as imperialist on Tuesday , but welcomed Washington s willingness to cooperate in some areas . A day earlier , Trump s administration

Prompt 3169:
Iran summoned the Swiss ambassador on Tuesday to condemn what it called an irresponsible claim by the U.S . Ambassador to the U.N. that Tehran supplied a missile fired at Saudi Arabia from Yemen on

Prompt 3170:
France and the United States are determined to vigorously raise pressure on Iran over its ballistic missile program , including possibly through sanctions , Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said during a visit to Washington

Prompt 3171:
Britain s Electoral Commission said on Tuesday it has fined the Liberal Democrats party 18,000 pounds ( $ 24,069 ) for breaching campaign finance rules in the 2016 European Union referendum . The party was

Prompt 3172:
At least 65 media workers around the world have been killed doing their jobs this year , media freedom organization Reporters Without Borders said on Tuesday . Among the dead were 50 professional journalists ,

Prompt 3173:
A Korean woman who was forced to work at a Japanese wartime military brothel and later lost a Supreme Court case seeking compensation from the Japanese government has died in Japan at the age of

Prompt 3174:
Cooperation between China and the United States will lead to a win-win outcome for both sides , but confrontation will bring mutual losses , China said on Tuesday , after the United States branded it

Prompt 3175:
Boxy Russian-built Lada automobiles still rattle around Cuba , growing more decrepit by the year , a reminder of vanished Soviet patronage for the Communist-led island . But next month , more than 300 shiny

Prompt 3176:
Russia has detained a Norwegian citizen it suspects of spying , the RIA news agency reported on Tuesday , citing a Moscow court which sanctioned the individual s detention . Media reports said Russia s

Prompt 3177:
Turkish Justice Minister Abdulhamit Gul said on Tuesday he will tell his U.S. counterpart that the New York trial of a Turkish banker , charged with helping Iran evade U.S. sanctions , is not legal

Prompt 3178:
Japan formally decided on Tuesday it would expand its ballistic missile defense system with U.S.-made ground-based Aegis radar stations and interceptors in response to a growing threat from North Korean rockets . A proposal to

Prompt 3179:
Japan and South Korea agreed on Tuesday on the importance of China s role in dealing with the threat from North Korea s nuclear and missile programs , Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono told reporters

Prompt 3180:
The U.S. Navy s top officer on Tuesday said that vessels from eastern Pacific could be brought forward to reinforce U.S. naval power in Asia as Washington contends with increased threats in the region and

Prompt 3181:
Philippine fishermen rescued three Australians adrift at sea for days after their yacht capsized in the country s south , but one died on the way to hospital , police said on Tuesday . Two

Prompt 3182:
Indonesian police have arrested an Australian , an American and a Malaysian on the holiday island of Bali for drugs offences , the latest foreigners to run afoul of some of the world s strictest

Prompt 3183:
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Tuesday named a new attorney general and promoted two junior lawmakers from rural Queensland state to his cabinet in a reshuffle he hopes will bolster his flagging popularity .

Prompt 3184:
Argentina s Congress was on track to pass a pension reform measure on Monday , even as stone-throwing protesters rushed police outside the capitol building and the country s main union called a 24-hour general

Prompt 3185:
A leading Peruvian opposition lawmaker on Monday called for the country s Vice President Martin Vizcarra to govern the country if Congress ousts President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski over graft allegations he denies . Enough political

Prompt 3186:
A power outage hit parts of the Venezuelan capital Caracas as well as the nearby states of Miranda and Vargas for around five hours on Monday , in what critics said was another sign of

Prompt 3187:
An activist investor in Chevron Corp said on Monday it filed a shareholder resolution that would require the oil producer to report on the feasibility of ending operations in Myanmar , where a crackdown on

Prompt 3188:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is postponing his trip to Egypt and Israel this week in order to stay in Washington for a congressional vote on President Donald Trump s tax overhaul plan , White

Prompt 3189:
A Lebanese taxi driver with a previous arrest for drug use has confessed to killing a British woman who worked at the British Embassy in Beirut , a senior Lebanese security official said on Monday

Prompt 3190:
Turkey has released German journalist Mesale Tolu after nearly eight months in prison on the condition that she does not leave the country , German government officials said on Monday . Ankara has charged Tolu

Prompt 3191:
The nearly man of South African politics , deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa , took a big step towards the top job on Monday when he was elected by a whisker as head of the ruling

Prompt 3192:
The United States was further isolated on Monday over President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital when it blocked a United Nations Security Council call for the declaration to be

Prompt 3193:
Turkey regrets the vetoing by the United States on Monday of a U.N. Security Council resolution that called for the U.S. declaration of Jerusalem as Israel s capital to be withdrawn , the Turkish foreign

Prompt 3194:
Brazilian Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles said on Monday he would consider his chances of winning before deciding whether to run as a candidate in next year s presidential elections . Meirelles , who has spearheaded

Prompt 3195:
Brazil s Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles will speak to major credit rating agencies on Thursday as the government scrambles to avoid a sovereign debt downgrade due to growing doubts that its proposed pension reform can

Prompt 3196:
The head of Zimbabwe s military looks set to be appointed vice president as the government said on Monday he would retire pending redeployment in what is seen as a reward for leading a de

Prompt 3197:
Russia poses an increasing threat and is willing to use propaganda , subversion and cyber-attacks to undermine Britain and the rest of Europe , Britain s national security adviser said on Monday . Mark Sedwill

Prompt 3198:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland on Tuesday to discuss border security and other issues , the U.S. Department of State said in a statement . The two

Prompt 3199:
President Donald Trump unveiled a new national security strategy on Monday , calling for Pakistan to take decisive action against terrorism and saying Washington had to deal with the challenge posed by North Korea s

Prompt 3200:
The United States is pressing for the delivery of World Food Program shipments to Yemen and the installation of new cranes at a key port amid a conflict in the nation that has killed or

Prompt 3201:
Militants seeking independence for Cameroon s English-speaking regions killed four gendarmes on Monday , the government said , as disputes with the Francophone-dominated government degenerate into open warfare . Several separatists were killed by security

Prompt 3202:
British Prime Minister Theresa May told parliament her plan on Monday for a Brexit transition period with broadly the same access to European Union markets but was met with scepticism from pro-Brexit lawmakers fearful of

Prompt 3203:
U.S. military personnel fired shots on Monday as they stopped a man who tried to force his way into a British military base used by the U.S. Air Force , in an incident that police

Prompt 3204:
Islamic State claimed responsibility for an attack on Monday near a training facility of Afghanistan s main intelligence agency in the capital , Kabul . A group of armed men seized a building under construction

Prompt 3205:
The death toll from a collision between a train and a school bus near the town of Perpignan in southwestern France has risen to six , the region s administrative head said on Monday .

Prompt 3206:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and British Prime Minister Theresa May agreed in a phone call on Monday that the international community should make intense efforts to solve the issue in Jerusalem , sources in Erdogan

Prompt 3207:
Hundreds of police sealed off part of central Vienna on Monday as Austria became the only western European country with a far-right party in power , but protests against the swearing-in proved small and largely

Prompt 3208:
Italian politicians denounced on Monday a proposal by Austria s new government to offer passports to German-speaking residents of the northern Italian province of Alto Adige . The idea was included in a 180-page coalition

Prompt 3209:
One of Afghanistan s most powerful regional politicians was ousted as governor of the northern province of Balkh on Monday , setting up a confrontation that adds to the uncertainty around President Ashraf Ghani s

Prompt 3210:
Billionaire conservative Sebastian Pinera will begin a second term as Chile s president in March with a strong mandate after trouncing his center-left opponent in Sunday s election , and local markets soared on hopes

Prompt 3211:
German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen on Monday said the withdrawal of international troops from Afghanistan in recent years had been too rapid and she called for a longer-term commitment in the Hindu Kush

Prompt 3212:
The Palestinian Foreign Minister said on Monday the Palestinians will call for an emergency meeting of the U.N. General Assembly after the U.S. vetoed a Security Council resolution calling for the withdrawal of its declaration

Prompt 3213:
A Kenyan court on Monday awarded a young woman four million shillings in damages after she was strip-searched by police who said they were looking for drugs . The incident in August 2015 provoked an

Prompt 3214:
The government of Somali will do all it can to pay salaries and buy equipment for its soldiers as it begins to lose international support , the country s president said on Monday . The

Prompt 3215:
A move to change Uganda s constitution to allow President Yoweri Museveni to rule beyond the age of 75 provoked rowdy scenes in parliament on Monday in which six legislators were ejected from the chamber

Prompt 3216:
An Israeli man appealed on Monday against a German court s ruling upholding Kuwait Airways right to ban him from boarding a flight due to his citizenship , a legal decision that triggered sharp criticism

Prompt 3217:
The Kremlin-funded Russian broadcaster RT was due to launch its French language news channel on Monday night amid heavy suspicion by the government and President Emmanuel Macron who has dubbed it an organ of propaganda

Prompt 3218:
South Sudanese rebels accused the government army of attacking one of their bases overnight as a new round of peace talks between the warring sides opened in the Ethiopian capital on Monday . Rebel spokesman

Prompt 3219:
Myanmar has accused Reuters reporters Wa Lone , 31 , and Kyaw Soe Oo , 27 , of breaching the country s Official Secrets Act , a little-used hangover from colonial rule . Sam Zarifi

Prompt 3220:
Several countries , the United Nations and journalist groups are demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar . The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 after

Prompt 3221:
Myanmar s civilian President Htin Kyaw , a close ally of government leader Aung San Suu Kyi , has authorized the police to proceed with a case against two detained Reuters reporters accused of violating

Prompt 3222:
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Monday described U.S.-backed militias in eastern Syria as traitors , his office said in an online statement . In a meeting with Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin at Syria

Prompt 3223:
The leader of the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement , Luigi Di Maio , said on Monday that Italy should quit the euro zone unless it manages to change the bloc s rules on public finances .

Prompt 3224:
A major Nigerian oil union suspended a nationwide strike on Monday , the same day it began , after a dispute resolution ended with a domestic oil and gas company recalling laid off staff ,

Prompt 3225:
Kurdish protesters , angered by years of austerity and unpaid public sector salaries , set fire to the offices of political parties near the city of Sulaimaniyah on Monday , demanding that Iraq s semi-autonomous

Prompt 3226:
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov said on Monday that U.N. mediator on Syria Staffan de Mistura might visit Moscow before the end of the year , RIA news agency cited Gatilov as saying .

Prompt 3227:
Indonesian police have recaptured a U.S. citizen who escaped a week ago from an overcrowded prison on the holiday island of Bali , the jail s second breakout of foreign inmates this year . Cristian

Prompt 3228:
Iraqi forces are preparing a fresh attack on Kurdish Peshmerga fighters , the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) of northern Iraq said on Monday . A military spokesman in Baghdad denied that Iraqi

Prompt 3229:
The jailed leader of Catalonia s main pro-independence party has backed away from demands for unilateral secession from Spain , days before a regional election that polls suggest will produce a hung parliament . The

Prompt 3230:
China s Foreign Ministry on Monday defended trade with the United States as a win-win scenario ahead of a speech by U.S. President Donald Trump laying out a new national security strategy that makes clear

Prompt 3231:
A German court sentenced a 27-year-old German supporter of Islamic State to three years and three months in prison on Monday for plotting to lure police or soldiers into a trap and kill them with

Prompt 3232:
Bulgarian authorities have detained a gang suspected of smuggling migrants from Iraq , Iran and Syria to Western Europe from Turkey , prosecutors said on Monday . The gang of three Kurds and four Bulgarians

Prompt 3233:
Egyptian security forces on Monday killed five suspected militants and arrested 10 others in raids in the north of the country , the interior ministry said in a statement . The suspects had planned attacks

Prompt 3234:
Moldova recalled its ambassador to Russia for consultations in response to the harassment and intimidation by Russian authorities of Moldovan politicians and officials , the Moldovan foreign ministry said on Monday . Moldova and Russia

Prompt 3235:
The Israeli military said it attacked a Hamas training compound in Gaza on Monday in response to rocket strikes from the Palestinian enclave , which have surged since U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as

Prompt 3236:
The Palestinian leadership may turn to the U.N. General Assembly if Washington vetoes a draft U.N. Security Council resolution to reaffirm Jerusalem s status as unresolved , after President Donald Trump s decision to recognize

Prompt 3237:
Opposition lawmakers threw a flare at Albania s interim prosecutor general as she took the oath of office in parliament on Monday while their supporters scuffled with police outside . Several protesters and policemen were

Prompt 3238:
Myanmar s army said on Monday that security forces have discovered a mass grave on the edge of a village in Rakhine State , and have launched an investigation . A violent crackdown by the

Prompt 3239:
In a tent in Lebanon surrounded by snow , Syrian refugees Ammar and Khadija were married by a tribal leader from their homeland in a wedding they would soon come to regret . What they

Prompt 3240:
Ministers from Austria s main conservative People s Party ( OVP ) and the anti-immigration Freedom Party ( FPO ) were sworn in on Monday , making it the only western European country with a

Prompt 3241:
Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday she wanted to conclude exploratory talks on a possible coalition with the center-left Social Democrats ( SPD ) by mid-January to end Germany s political deadlock . Merkel was

Prompt 3242:
At least 26 people were killed while several residents were missing in an island province in central Philippines after tropical storm Kai-tak brought heavy rains that triggered landslides , local authorities and media said on

Prompt 3243:
Princess Charlotte , the daughter of Britain s Prince William and wife Kate , is to start at a nursery school near the family home in west London early next year , her father s

Prompt 3244:
A second magistrate in less than a week has recused herself from hearing court evidence in Malta against three men accused of the murder of anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia . The double abstention has

Prompt 3245:
India s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) was set to win an election in Prime Minister Narendra Modi s home state on Monday , the vote count showed , but with a reduced

Prompt 3246:
Zimbabwe s army declared an end on Monday to the military intervention that ousted Robert Mugabe , promising to shut down their last roadblocks in the capital and hand over to police . The armed

Prompt 3247:
Russia will be the only country to take part in rebuilding Syrian energy facilities , Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said on Monday , after holding talks in Syria with President Bashar al-Assad ,

Prompt 3248:
Rakhmat Akilov , who has confessed to driving a truck that killed five people in an attack in Sweden s capital Stockholm , will stand trial in February , the main prosecutor in the case

Prompt 3249:
An interim review into UK building regulations commissioned after the Grenfell Tower social housing block fire in London which killed 71 people in June , has called for a culture change in respect to fire

Prompt 3250:
A Lebanese taxi driver with a previous arrest for drug use has confessed to killing a British woman who worked at the British Embassy in Beirut , a senior Lebanese security official said on Monday

Prompt 3251:
Finnish police searched a reporter s home and seized her computer after she tried to destroy the hard drive to protect sources linked to a security story , her newspaper reported . The journalist ,

Prompt 3252:
China s air force carried out another round of long-range drills on Monday , flying into the Sea of Japan and prompting South Korean and Japanese jets to scramble , and again around self-ruled Taiwan

Prompt 3253:
Somali security forces have arrested a former minister and outspoken government critic after clashing with his bodyguards during an overnight raid on his home , the security ministry said on Monday . Abdirahman Abdishakur was

Prompt 3254:
The Belgian trial of a key suspect in the November 2015 Islamic State attack on Paris was postponed on Monday for seven weeks , after Saleh Abdeslam s newly appointed lawyer asked for more time

Prompt 3255:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Monday she hoped to conclude exploratory talks with the Social Democrats ( SPD ) on forming a government by mid-January so that both parties can launch official negotiations on

Prompt 3256:
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak on Monday likely gained ground ahead of national elections next year when the Court of Appeal ruled that the Election Commission can go ahead with a controversial redrawing of voting

Prompt 3257:
Hundreds of people rushed to a Bangladeshi community centre prayer meeting to get free food packets on Monday , killing at least 10 people and injuring more than 50 in the crush , police said

Prompt 3258:
Germany on Monday said its continued support for Iraq and the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government was contingent on peaceful efforts by both sides to resolve their differences . The German government has provided more than

Prompt 3259:
Turkish authorities issued detention warrants on Monday for 106 people believed to have worked as matchmakers for a network accused of orchestrating last year s failed military coup , a spokesman for the Istanbul police

Prompt 3260:
A U.S. tip-off about a planned attack in St. Petersburg helped save many lives and Russia and the United States should try to cooperate in the same way in future , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov

Prompt 3261:
Germany expects to work closely together with Austria s new government , government spokesman Steffen Seibert said on Monday when asked if Berlin had reservations about the presence in the new coalition of a far-right

Prompt 3262:
A group of Myanmar journalists said they would begin wearing black T-shirts on Saturday in protest at the detention of two Reuters reporters accused of violating the country s Official Secrets Act , as pressure

Prompt 3263:
Voting for the new leader of South Africa s ruling ANC ended on Monday about ten hours after delegates began casting ballots for either Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa or Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma , a senior party

Prompt 3264:
Eight women and two children from the same Yemeni family were killed when an air strike by forces of the Saudi-led coalition involved in the country s three-year-old war hit a wedding party , residents

Prompt 3265:
The Philippine Congress approved a bill that removes a proposed 900 million pesos ( $ 17.87 million ) for the police war on drugs , now that police are no longer leading the operation ,

Prompt 3266:
A dozen Arab ambassadors have asked India to clarify its position on the U.S recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital , diplomatic sources said , after New Delhi s muted response suggested a shift

Prompt 3267:
The Organization of American States ( OAS ) said late on Sunday that Honduras should hold new presidential elections , after the electoral tribunal declared conservative President Juan Orlando Hernandez the official winner of the

Prompt 3268:
A group of armed men seized a building under construction in the Afghan capital on Monday and were exchanging fire with security forces in a heavily populated area , an official said . The number

Prompt 3269:
Neither of Peru s two vice presidents would open the door to new elections by resigning if President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski was forced from office , Second Vice President Mercedes Araoz told Reuters late on

Prompt 3270:
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said Moscow hopes that the United States and North Korea will start a dialogue , Russian state-run RIA news agency reported on Monday . Ryabkov said Washington and Pyongyang

Prompt 3271:
The remains of Victor Emmanuel III , who reigned as Italy s king through two world wars and died in exile in 1947 , were flown back from Egypt on Sunday for reburial at a

Prompt 3272:
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull will reshuffle his cabinet within a day , media said on Monday , a sign the embattled leader hopes to capitalize on a weekend by-election win to refresh his ministry

Prompt 3273:
At least 61 people have been killed in clashes between different ethnic groups in Ethiopia s Oromiya region , officials said , the latest bout of violence to highlight increasing instability in a province racked

Prompt 3274:
Maoist rebels attacked soldiers delivering relief aid to parts of the central Philippines where a typhoon killed at least 32 people , army and disaster officials said on Monday . Typhoon Kai-tak , which triggered

Prompt 3275:
President Donald Trump will lay out a new U.S. national security strategy on Monday based on his America First policy and will , among other items , make clear that China is a competitor ,

Prompt 3276:
The sister of Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez and five others died when the helicopter they were traveling in crashed on Saturday , the Honduran military said . Hilda Hernandez , 51 , was a

Prompt 3277:
Paraguayan Senator Mario Abdo Benitez , a lawmaker with ties to a former Paraguayan dictator , won the ruling Colorado Party s presidential primary on Sunday in a sharp rebuke for President Horacio Cartes ,

Prompt 3278:
Conservative Sebastian Pinera won Chile s presidential election by a wider-than-forecast margin on Sunday , pledging to jump-start economic growth in the world s top copper exporter and opt for more business-friendly policies than his

Prompt 3279:
Honduran center-left candidate Salvador Nasralla said on Sunday it was clear there had been fraud before , during and after a bitterly contested Nov. 26 presidential election and that he was headed to Washington to

Prompt 3280:
The United States provided intelligence to Russia that helped thwart a potentially deadly bomb attack in St. Petersburg , U.S. and Russian officials said on Sunday , in a rare public show of cooperation despite

Prompt 3281:
China is lavishing vast amounts of aid on a small Pakistani fishing town to win over locals and build a commercial deep-water port that the United States and India suspect may also one day serve

Prompt 3282:
British Prime Minister Theresa May will pitch her plan for a Brexit transition period with unchanged access to European Union markets when she briefs lawmakers on Monday about her latest negotiating trip to Brussels .

Prompt 3283:
The top U.N. human rights official has said he would not be surprised if a court one day ruled that acts of genocide had been committed against the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar , according

Prompt 3284:
South Africa s ANC delegates started voting early on Monday to elect a leader to succeed President Jacob Zuma as head of a party that has ruled since the end of apartheid but has faced

Prompt 3285:
Gunmen fatally shot the mayor of Libya s third-largest city , Misrata , late on Sunday , ambushing his car inside the city , security officials said . The North African oil producer has been

Prompt 3286:
Four people were killed when a United Nations World Food Programme ( WFP ) aid convoy was ambushed in northeast Nigeria , a WFP spokeswoman said on Sunday , in the latest attack in the

Prompt 3287:
Center-left presidential candidate Alejandro Guillier conceded the Chilean presidency to billionaire conservative Sebastian Pinera on Sunday , as Chile followed other South American nations making a political turn to the right . With 96.31 percent

Prompt 3288:
Billionaire former President Sebastian Pinera will likely win Chile s presidential election on Sunday , Radio Bio-Bio forecast , a result that would likely usher in more market friendly policies in the world s top

Prompt 3289:
Conservative Sebastian Pinera took an early lead of more than seven percentage points in Chile s presidential election on Sunday , Chile s electoral agency Servel said . With 9.55 percent of ballots counted ,

Prompt 3290:
The military campaign against Islamic State in Syria should be completed in February following the end of fighting against the militant group in Iraq , French President Emmanuel Macron said . On December 9 ,

Prompt 3291:
French President Emmanuel Macron said on Sunday he would not follow Germany s example by phasing out nuclear energy in France because his priority was to cut carbon emissions and shut down polluting coal-fired production

Prompt 3292:
Iranian state television broadcast on Sunday what it described as the confessions of an Iranian academic with Swedish residency who it said had provided information to Israel to help it assassinate several senior nuclear scientists

Prompt 3293:
Colombia s leftist ELN rebels said on Sunday they are willing to extend a ceasefire set to expire next month if there is sufficient progress at peace talks with the government . The National Liberation

Prompt 3294:
U.S. intelligence agencies provided advanced warning to Russia about a major terrorist plot in St. Petersburg , allowing Moscow to thwart an attack that could have killed large numbers of people , the White House

Prompt 3295:
The leader of Italy s main opposition party said he was keeping the option of a referendum on the euro open in the event his party won elections and failed to convince Brussels of the

Prompt 3296:
Eastern Libyan military commander Khalifa Haftar , whose forces control parts of the country , said on Sunday the U.N.-backed government was obsolete and he would listen to the will of the people , a

Prompt 3297:
Mexico s National Human Rights Commission ( CNDH ) may take legal action against a bill that would enshrine into law the use of the army in the country s long war against drug cartels

Prompt 3298:
Thousands of Romanians protested in freezing weather across the country on Sunday against attempts by the ruling Social Democrats to overhaul the judiciary , which critics said would threaten the rule of law . In

Prompt 3299:
A female British embassy worker has been found strangled near a highway outside Beirut , a Lebanese security source said on Sunday . The British foreign ministry provided a statement by the family of the

Prompt 3300:
The United Nations Security Council is due to vote on Monday on a draft resolution calling for the withdrawal of U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel ,

Prompt 3301:
A small group of Palestinian protesters on Sunday set fire to placards printed with images of U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Middle East negotiator Jason Greenblatt outside Jesus s traditional birthplace , days before

Prompt 3302:
Germany s Social Democrats ( SPD ) leader Martin Schulz wants Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives to leave the powerful finance ministry to his center-left party in coalition talks , a report in business daily

Prompt 3303:
Fifty couples from China tied the knot in the Sri Lankan capital on Sunday in a mass wedding ceremony , conducted in the island s Buddhist traditions , as the island aims to woo more

Prompt 3304:
Turkey intends to open an embassy in East Jerusalem , President Tayyip Erdogan said on Sunday , days after leading calls at a summit of Muslim leaders for the world to recognize it as the

Prompt 3305:
Ukrainian police clashed with backers of opposition leader Mikheil Saakashvili on Sunday and prevented them from forcing their way into Kiev s October Palace after a rally against President Petro Poroshenko . The confrontation ,

Prompt 3306:
Tens of thousands of people , many of them children , serenaded Pope Francis on his 81st birthday on Sunday , as the pontiff appealed for the release of Catholic nuns kidnapped last month in

Prompt 3307:
South Africa s ruling African National Congress formally nominated Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa and former cabinet minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma as the only candidates to run for the presidency of the party at a conference on

Prompt 3308:
Two suicide bombers stormed a packed Christian church in southwestern Pakistan on Sunday , killing at least nine people and wounding up to 56 , officials said , in the latest attack claimed by Islamic

Prompt 3309:
Iran on Sunday criticized French President Emmanuel Macron over his tough stance toward Tehran and said Paris would soon lose its international credibility if it blindly follows U.S. President Donald Trump . Tensions between Iran

Prompt 3310:
Armed insurgents stopped and torched a Bangkok-bound passenger bus on a highway in southern Thailand on Sunday , police said . All 14 passengers , as well as the bus driver and his assistance ,

Prompt 3311:
A car bomber attacked a NATO convoy in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar on Sunday , killing one civilian and wounding four others but without causing casualties among international forces , officials said .

Prompt 3312:
Islamic State claimed an attack on a church in the Pakistani city of Quetta on Sunday which killed at least five people , the group s Amaq news agency said in an online statement .

Prompt 3313:
Sabih al Masri , a Palestinian billionaire and Jordan s most influential businessman , was released after several days of detention in Saudi Arabia , the latest in a series of events marking the worst

Prompt 3314:
A small Christmas market has opened in Algeria s capital , catering to a rising number of Christian African migrants as well as diplomats and locals in the overwhelmingly Muslim country . Around 99 percent

Prompt 3315:
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Sunday expressed his support for same-sex unions , after previously declaring his opposition to gay marriage , in an about-face that may displease bishops in the mainly Roman Catholic country

Prompt 3316:
A trio of U.S. and Japanese astronauts and a Russian cosmonaut blasted off from Kazakhstan on Sunday for a two-day trip to the International Space Station , a NASA TV broadcast showed . Commander Anton

Prompt 3317:
Italy s ruling Democratic Party ( PD ) has lost further ground over its rivals after political infighting and fallout from a banking scandal , an opinion poll showed on Sunday . The poll comes

Prompt 3318:
An attacker wielding a knife and crying Allahu Akbar has wounded two Danish journalists in Gabon s capital Libreville , the Gabonese defense minister said . The two reporters for the National Geographic channel were

Prompt 3319:
Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday she would not be derailed from leaving the European Union , laying the groundwork for difficult meetings this week in which she will try to unite a divided

Prompt 3320:
At least one Chinese Air Force Yun-8 transport plane conducted a long-haul flight near Taiwan on Sunday , the island s Defence Ministry said , amid simmering tensions between the two rivals . Taiwan dispatched

Prompt 3321:
Australian police said on Sunday they had arrested a man accused of working on the black market to sell missile components and coal on behalf of North Korea , the first charges ever brought in

Prompt 3322:
Tens of thousands of Muslims marched from the main mosque in Indonesia s capital to a square in Jakarta on Sunday to protest against U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the

Prompt 3323:
A second prototype of China s home-built C919 passenger jet took off for a test flight in Shanghai on Sunday , state television reported , another step forward in the country s ambitions to muscle

Prompt 3324:
South Korea s foreign minister will visit Japan this week to meet her Japanese counterpart , the foreign ministry said on Sunday , with Seoul and Tokyo seeking to boost cooperation over the handling of

Prompt 3325:
A mudslide on Saturday tore through a small village in southern Chile near a popular national park , leaving five people dead and at least 15 missing after a night of torrential downpours , authorities

Prompt 3326:
The United Nations Security Council is considering a draft resolution that would insist any decisions on the status of Jerusalem have no legal effect and must be rescinded after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized the

Prompt 3327:
Canadian police are investigating the mysterious deaths of pharmaceuticals billionaire Barry Sherman , founder of Apotex Inc , and his wife Honey , whose bodies were found in their Toronto mansion on Friday . Authorities

Prompt 3328:
Brazil s leftist Workers Party ( PT ) approved a resolution on Saturday formally supporting the candidacy of former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , as the nation s left continues to rally around

Prompt 3329:
Britain must strike a strong trade deal with the European Union after Brexit and avoid becoming a subordinate state of the bloc , foreign minister and leading Brexiteer Boris Johnson has told the Sunday Times

Prompt 3330:
A poll has found that 51 percent of Britons would now keep European Union membership while 41 percent want to leave the bloc , a near reversal of last year s referendum result . The

Prompt 3331:
Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ ODBES.UL ] said Saturday that its recently-disclosed business ties to embattled Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski were not part of the corrupt deals it struck with politicians that it has acknowledged

Prompt 3332:
Austria is set to become the only western European country with a far-right party in government after the anti-immigration Freedom Party and Sebastian Kurz s conservatives struck a coalition deal to share power almost equally

Prompt 3333:
Austrian conservatives and the anti-immigrant Freedom Party ( FPO ) have agreed to expand voter participation in legislative matters in their coalition deal to bring the state closer to the citizens , the party chiefs

Prompt 3334:
The leader of Austria s main conservative party , Sebastian Kurz , has reached a deal to form a governing coalition with Heinz-Christian Strache s far-right Freedom Party ( FPO ) . Below are some

Prompt 3335:
Several countries , the United Nations and journalist groups are demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar . The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 after

Prompt 3336:
Sabih al-Masri , Jordan s most influential businessman and the chairman of its largest lender Arab Bank , was detained in Saudi Arabia for questioning after a business trip to Riyadh , family sources and

Prompt 3337:
Austria s new coalition government of conservatives and the far-right Freedom Party will be sworn in on Monday at 11 a.m. ( 1000 GMT ) , President Alexander Van der Bellen s office said on

Prompt 3338:
French President Emmanuel Macron celebrates his 40th birthday this weekend in the grounds of a former royal palace , in what some opponents called another tactless show of wealth . Rivals have branded former investment

Prompt 3339:
Libya s coastal guard has rescued more than 250 illegal migrants trying to leave the North African country in small boats bound for Italy , officials said on Saturday . Libya s western shores are

Prompt 3340:
The Austrian far-right Freedom Party ( FPO ) has agreed to rule out a referendum on Austria leaving the European Union as part of a coalition deal with conservatives led by Sebastian Kurz , FPO

Prompt 3341:
South Africa s government plan to offer free higher education for students from poor and working class households will be implemented in a fiscally sustainable manner , President Jacob Zuma said on Saturday . Following

Prompt 3342:
Argentina fired the head of its navy a month after a submarine disappeared in the South Atlantic with 44 crew members onboard , a government spokesman said on Saturday . Letting go of Navy Admiral

Prompt 3343:
Egyptian presidential hopeful Ahmed Shafik apologized on Saturday to supporters who were arrested this week and called on authorities to resolve the situation . Police arrested three members of Shafik s Egyptian National Movement on

Prompt 3344:
Austria s newly formed conservative far-right coalition government said on Saturday it would be a reliable partner in a European Union it seeks to reform to return more power to national governments . We will

Prompt 3345:
South African President Jacob Zuma said on Saturday allegations of private businesses wielding undue influence in his government will be investigated by a judicial commission of inquiry . The country s High Court ruled on

Prompt 3346:
Austria s center-right People s Party ( OVP ) led by Sebastian Kurz and the anti-immigration Freedom Party ( FPO ) have agreed to form a coalition government . The deal marks a major victory

Prompt 3347:
Nazareth , the Israeli Arab city where Jesus is thought to have been raised , will celebrate Christmas as usual , its mayor said , denying the festivities would be curtailed in protest at the

Prompt 3348:
The Yemeni army and allied fighters on Friday drove Houthi militants from a town that was one of the last positions they held in the country s south , military sources and local officials said

Prompt 3349:
Thousands of Romanians lined the streets of Bucharest on Saturday for the funeral of the country s former king Michael , one of the last surviving World War Two European heads of state . Born

Prompt 3350:
A coalition deal between Austria s conservatives and far right will give the anti-immigration Freedom Party ( FPO ) control of the foreign , interior and defence ministries , among others , a conservative spokesman

Prompt 3351:
Insurance executive Hartwig Loeger will be Austria s next finance minister , conservative leader Sebastian Kurz said on Saturday , as he presented his party s ministers . Loeger , 52 , heads the Austrian

Prompt 3352:
Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma is a fierce campaigner against racial inequality whose hostility to big business has rattled investors in South Africa . She is also one of two front runners to be the country s next

Prompt 3353:
South Africa s ruling African National Congress elects a new party leader to succeed President Jacob Zuma at a conference starting on Saturday . The winner will be favorite to become president of the country

Prompt 3354:
The nearly man of South African politics , Cyril Ramaphosa , is at last in with a chance of becoming president after being overlooked for years . Ramaphosa s political abilities have been apparent for

Prompt 3355:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and his French counterpart Jean-Yves Le Drian discussed the situation in Syria and other issues during a phone conversation on Dec. 14 , the Russian ministry said in a statement

Prompt 3356:
Australia s conservative coalition government regained its razor-thin parliamentary majority on Saturday after inner Sydney voters re-elected a former professional tennis player in a special poll triggered by a constitutional crisis . The Liberal Party

Prompt 3357:
The United States has denied suggestions it undermined an investigation into a massive data breach at the Italian cybersecurity firm Hacking Team , saying it did everything it could to help in the case .

Prompt 3358:
Thai authorities have arrested a local tour guide for indecent behavior at a temple after she posted a photograph online that showed her standing on a pagoda , police said on Saturday . The arrest

Prompt 3359:
A powerful magnitude 6.5 earthquake struck the island of Java in Indonesia just before midnight on Friday , with authorities reporting three deaths and damage to hundreds of buildings . The U.S. Geological Survey said

Prompt 3360:
President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski s chances of surviving the political crisis gripping Peru faded on Friday after Congress passed a motion to start presidential vacancy procedures with enough votes to unseat him within a week

Prompt 3361:
South Africa s African National Congress said on Saturday its executive committee had decided that ANC officials barred by courts from attending its leadership conference this weekend would not take part in voting . We

Prompt 3362:
Venezuela s government and opposition leaders will hold a new round of talks in January after failing on Friday to reach an agreement to ease a deep political and economic crisis in the troubled OPEC

Prompt 3363:
The front-runner in Mexico s 2018 election has embraced a small , socially conservative party in his bid for the presidency , sparking criticism among progressives that could splinter his support in what is expected

Prompt 3364:
Indian police arrested a Christian priest and were questioning members of a seminary after a hardline Hindu group accused them of trying to convert villagers to Christianity by distributing Bibles and singing carols , police

Prompt 3365:
South Africa will raise subsidies to universities to 1 percent of gross domestic product over the next five years from nearly 0.7 percent at present as recommended by a commission on higher education funding ,

Prompt 3366:
A Papua New Guinea court has given hundreds of asylum-seekers who were held for years in a controversial Australian detention center the right to sue the PNG government for compensation , Australian media reported on

Prompt 3367:
Canadian police said they were investigating the mysterious deaths of Barry Sherman , founder of Canadian pharmaceutical firm Apotex Inc , and his wife , Honey , one of the nation s wealthiest couples whose

Prompt 3368:
A North Korean soldier who suffered critical gunshot wounds during a defection dash across the border to South Korea has been transferred to a military hospital , a South Korean intelligence official said on Saturday

Prompt 3369:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday urged North Korea to carry out a sustained cessation of weapons testing to allow the two countries to hold talks about Pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs

Prompt 3370:
Human rights activist Juan Carlos Soni fears a new security law passed by Mexico s Congress on Friday could mean his death after he suffered beatings , electrocution and abduction at the hands of the

Prompt 3371:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday that the United States was demanding the immediate release of two Reuters reporters arrested in Myanmar or information as to the circumstances around their disappearance .

Prompt 3372:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday that the U.S. government has demanded the release of two Reuters reporters being held in Myanmar . Our local representatives at the mission in Myanmar ,

Prompt 3373:
Several countries , the United Nations and journalist groups are demanding the release of Reuters reporters Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo from detention in Myanmar . The reporters were arrested on Dec. 12 after

Prompt 3374:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday that analysis continued on North Korea s most recent missile test , but he did not believe its intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) posed an imminent

Prompt 3375:
The United States has identified one person it might impose sanctions on over the brutal crackdown in Myanmar against minority Rohingya Muslims and is examining others , U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on

Prompt 3376:
Over two dozen people were injured in clashes on Friday between Honduran security forces and protesters demanding a vote recount for last month s contentious and still unresolved presidential election , according to the Red

Prompt 3377:
Zimbabwe s President Emmerson Mnangagwa told members of his ruling ZANU-PF party on Friday they would have to start fixing the economy if they wanted a chance of winning next year s vote . Mnangagwa

Prompt 3378:
Air traffic controllers ended a strike at Senegal s main airport on Friday , a union leader said , after shutting it down for most of the day over demands for more training and transportation

Prompt 3379:
Argentina s lower house of Congress will try on Monday to debate the government s pension bill , lawmakers said on Friday , after the first attempt at discussing it this week ended with violent

Prompt 3380:
The powerful former leader of Mexico s largest teacher s union , Elba Esther Gordillo , will be let out of jail under house arrest more than four years after her detention on embezzlement charges

Prompt 3381:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence will underscore the U.S. partnership with Israel during a trip to the Middle East next week while seeking to shore up U.S. relations with the Arab world after President Donald

Prompt 3382:
President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski s chances of surviving the political crisis gripping Peru faded on Friday after Congress passed a motion to start presidential vacancy procedures with enough votes to unseat him within a week

Prompt 3383:
Germany has tightened security at Christmas markets across the country a year after a deadly truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market , with conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel under fire from victims relatives for her

Prompt 3384:
United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the Security Council on Friday it was time to immediately re-establish and strengthen communication channels with North Korea , including inter-Korean and military to military channels , to reduce

Prompt 3385:
An Iranian blogger granted asylum in Israel has been questioned by its Shin Bet internal security service on suspicion of illegal communication with Iran , an Israeli official said on Friday . Israel admitted Neda

Prompt 3386:
I went to the road just outside Ramallah , as on previous days , because that is one of the places in the West Bank where Palestinians have been protesting against U.S. President Donald Trump

Prompt 3387:
Austria s conservative People s Party ( OVP ) and the far-right Freedom Party ( FPO ) reached a coalition deal on Friday , conservative leader Sebastian Kurz said . We can inform you that

Prompt 3388:
A Dutchman wielding a knife was shot by military police on Friday at Amsterdam s Schiphol Airport and taken into custody , an official said . There were no reports of other injuries . The

Prompt 3389:
Germany s Social Democrats ( SPD ) agreed to open exploratory talks on forming a government with Chancellor Angela Merkel , party leader Martin Schulz said , providing a chance to end a rare period

Prompt 3390:
Austrian conservatives led by Sebastian Kurz have reached a coalition deal with the anti-immigration Freedom Party , a source said on Friday , paving the way for Austria to become the only western European country

Prompt 3391:
The United States on Friday urged supporters of the Syrian government to press it to participate fully in negotiations with the opposition , saying a lack of a political resolution in the war-torn country threatened

Prompt 3392:
Zimbabwe s Robert Mugabe may have been deposed as president , but some of the ruling party s senior officials are struggling to stop mentioning the man who dominated their country for 37 years .

Prompt 3393:
The African National Congress ( ANC ) , South Africa s ruler since the end of apartheid , faces perhaps the most pivotal few days in its recent history when it meets over the weekend

Prompt 3394:
Brazil s government has secured between 270 and 280 of the 308 votes needed to approve a bill to overhaul the country s bloated social security system in February , President Michel Temer said on

Prompt 3395:
About a thousand Hungarians protested on Friday against a crackdown on the main opposition party Jobbik which has been threatened by a record political campaign fine that the party leader describes as a death sentence

Prompt 3396:
Soccer leagues such as England s Premier League and Germany s Bundesliga won a reprieve on Friday when EU ambassadors agreed to exclude them from the scope of a copyright reform that would help make

Prompt 3397:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday said the United States would not accept any preconditions for diplomatic talks with North Korea , saying the Trump administration and the international community would continue to

Prompt 3398:
The European Union agreed on Friday to move Brexit talks onto trade and a transition pact but some leaders cautioned that the final year of divorce negotiations before Britain s exit could be fraught with

Prompt 3399:
North Korea s ambassador to the United Nations on Friday ignored a U.S. call for a cessation of weapons testing to allow for talks with Pyongyang on its nuclear program and said his country would

Prompt 3400:
Turkey s justice minister has told his U.S. counterpart that a former Turkish police investigator who testified at the trial of a Turkish banker in New York this week is wanted by Ankara and should

Prompt 3401:
Australia should introduce a law forcing religious leaders to report child abuse , including Catholic priests told of abuse during confession , said a report on Friday which detailed institutional abuse , particularly in the

Prompt 3402:
Lebanon has set a date of May 6 next year to hold its first legislative election in nearly a decade , potentially transforming the politics of a country caught in a confrontation between Saudi Arabia

Prompt 3403:
Mexico s Congress on Friday approved a law that enshrines the use of the army in the country s long war against drug cartels , overriding protests from the United Nations rights body and activists

Prompt 3404:
European Union leaders appealed for unity in a last-ditch effort to break their deadlock on sharing out refugees by June , telling reluctant eastern states they could otherwise be outvoted on a dispute that has

Prompt 3405:
Mexico s Senate on Friday named the country s new top prosecutor for election-related crimes , after the official previously in the post was fired amid a graft scandal involving a close former aide of

Prompt 3406:
Israeli troops shot dead four Palestinians and wounded 150 others with live fire on Friday , medical officials said , as protests over U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital

Prompt 3407:
President Donald Trump s U.S. Middle East peace negotiator Jason Greenblatt will return to Israel next week for talks related to the peace efforts , a senior administration official said on Friday . The trip

Prompt 3408:
Britain s Prince Harry and his American fianc e , Meghan Markle , will marry on Saturday May 19 , his office Kensington Palace said on Friday . Queen Elizabeth s grandson , fifth-in-line to

Prompt 3409:
Dutch judges jailed a onetime aide to Ethiopia s former communist ruler Mengistu Haile Mariam for life on Friday for war crimes carried out during Ethiopia s Red Terror purges of the 1970s , including

Prompt 3410:
Investigators on Friday reconstructed the seconds before a train plowed into a school bus at a level crossing in southern France and killed at least five children , an incident the prime minister described as

Prompt 3411:
Japan s Foreign Minister Taro Kono told the United Nations Security Council on Friday that North Korea was nowhere near ready to abandon its nuclear and missile programs and was not interested in a meaningful

Prompt 3412:
Turkey is launching an initiative at the United Nations to annul a decision by the United States to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , President Tayyip Erdogan said on Friday . Erdogan was speaking

Prompt 3413:
France reacted cautiously on Friday to U.S. evidence which allegedly proved Iran supplied weapons to Houthi militia in Yemen , saying it was still studying information at its disposal and the United Nations had yet

Prompt 3414:
South Sudan s president has given top jobs to three generals facing U.N. sanctions over alleged violations during a four-year-old civil war . Campaign group Human Rights Watch called the promotions a slap in the

Prompt 3415:
The United Nations human rights office is seriously concerned about the shelling of residential areas in Iraq s northern town of Tuz Khurmatu in which civilians were killed , a U.N. spokeswoman said on Friday

Prompt 3416:
France on Friday firmly backed U.N.-led peace talks on Syria in Geneva and said the responsibility of the failed negotiations since the end of November fell entirely on the government delegation . A round of

Prompt 3417:
Pakistan s Supreme Court cleared opposition leader Imran Khan on Friday of accusations of failing to declare assets , but barred his party s secretary general from parliament . The top court dismissed a petition

Prompt 3418:
The United Nations on Friday urged the Sri Lankan government to urgently implement reforms to end war-time arbitrary detention and strengthen independent monitoring of tough legislation . Sri Lanka has used the 1979 Prevention of

Prompt 3419:
With the map of Syria s conflict decisively redrawn in President Bashar al-Assad s favor , his Russian allies want to convert military gains into a settlement that stabilizes the shattered nation and secures their

Prompt 3420:
Former Russian economy minister Alexei Ulyukayev was found guilty of soliciting a $ 2 million bribe and sentenced to eight years in jail on Friday , in a case that has shone a rare light

Prompt 3421:
If European leaders earned points for the amount of time they spend at summits , French President Emmanuel Macron would probably top the rankings this week . A two-day gathering in Brussels - with talks

Prompt 3422:
U.S. President Donald Trump said on Friday that Washington hoped to receive more help from Russian President Vladimir Putin in efforts to convince North Korea to abandon its missile and nuclear weapons program . The

Prompt 3423:
Muslim-majority Malaysia s former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad on Friday called U.S. President Donald Trump an international bully and a villain for his move to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital . Trump last week

Prompt 3424:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said a possible breakdown of the Iran nuclear deal would send the wrong signal when it came to trying to resolve the situation around North Korea , the RIA and

Prompt 3425:
Canada s spy agency has settled a lawsuit by five employees who accused their bosses of homophobia , racism and Islamophobia and it will work to stamp out harassment , the head of the agency

Prompt 3426:
The Belgian trial of one of the suspects behind the 2015 Islamist attacks in Paris has been postponed , a Brussels court said . French national Salah Abdeslam fled to Belgium after the attacks in

Prompt 3427:
Gang life in the poor Central American country of El Salvador is hard , but for a dozen former members of the feared 18th Street Gang , building a new life outside is no less

Prompt 3428:
Iraqi Shi ite paramilitary groups who took part in the war against Islamic State militants should be incorporated into state security bodies , the nation s top Shi ite cleric said . In a message

Prompt 3429:
Italy wants Libya s coastguard to take responsibility within three years for intercepting migrants across about a tenth of the Mediterranean even as Libyan crews struggle to patrol their own coast and are accused of

Prompt 3430:
A 30-year prison sentence for a woman in El Salvador who said her child was stillborn is appalling , U.N. human rights spokeswoman Liz Throssell said on Friday . The Second Court of Appeal of

Prompt 3431:
More emphasis should be placed on the Holocaust in integration courses for migrants , Germany s justice minister said , reflecting heightened unease among leading politicians about a spate of anti-Semitic acts including Israeli flag

Prompt 3432:
Leaders of Germany s Social Democrats have voted unanimously to begin exploratory talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives about forming a coalition government , Andreas Nahles , head of the SPD s parliamentary group

Prompt 3433:
An Italian woman who ordered the murder of her boyfriend through a website and paid a hitman in bitcoin digital currency was sentenced on Friday to six years in a Danish jail . The 58-year-old

Prompt 3434:
European Union leaders gave a green light to the main phase of Brexit negotiations on Friday after applauding Prime Minister Theresa May s efforts to settle divorce terms for Britain s withdrawal in March 2019

Prompt 3435:
French President Emmanuel Macron said on Friday he hoped to make progress with Germany on ideas to reform the euro zone by March , once Germany has a new coalition government in place , and

Prompt 3436:
Brazilian President Michel Temer was cleared to leave hospital in Sao Paulo on Friday and will return to Brasilia in the afternoon , his office said . Temer , 77 , underwent minor surgery on

Prompt 3437:
Austria s conservatives and far-right Freedom Party ( FPO ) could complete coalition talks as soon as Friday evening and be sworn in on Monday , officials from both parties said . A deal between

Prompt 3438:
Poland s parliament has passed a bill that gives the government , rather than a panel of top judges , control over who conducts elections , a move the opposition called satanic . Minutes before

Prompt 3439:
From Damascus to Doha , Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu has been showing up in unexpected places , a sign of the military s growing influence under Vladimir Putin . In the past few months

Prompt 3440:
An election in Catalonia will fail to conclusively resolve a political crisis over an independence drive in the region , the final surveys before the Dec. 21 vote showed on Friday . The ballot will

Prompt 3441:
The United Nations human rights office is appalled at the hanging of 38 prisoners in Iraq , a U.N. spokeswoman said on Friday , a day after the executions at a prison in the southern

Prompt 3442:
Russia s FSB security service said on Friday it had detained seven members of an Islamic State cell who had been planning attacks in public places , the Interfax news agency reported , citing an

Prompt 3443:
Germany s Thyssenkrupp , has offered assistance to Argentinian authorities in an investigation into the disappearance of a submarine last month , a spokesman said on Friday . The ARA San Juan was delivered in

Prompt 3444:
European Union leaders gave their formal approval on Friday to the opening of a second phase of Brexit negotiations with Britain , focusing on a transition period and future trading relationship . EU leaders agree

Prompt 3445:
NATO allies on Friday publicly raised concern about a Russian cruise missile system that the alliance says may break a Cold War-era pact banning such weapons , in a show of support for Washington .

Prompt 3446:
Winter is bringing a frigid existence and an uncertain future for migrant workers in Beijing deprived of electricity and heating as they resist a month-long campaign to evict them from the city s urban villages

Prompt 3447:
Swapping new cars for cheaper models , cutting back on pricy supermarket shopping and giving up holidays abroad , middle-class Egyptians are finding strategies to stay afloat after a currency reform a year ago sent

Prompt 3448:
Changes to Poland s electoral code approved by parliament on Thursday threaten the election process by introducing large new powers of the interior minister in overseeing elections , head of the State Electoral Commission (

Prompt 3449:
While attention in Asia has been distracted by the North Korean nuclear crisis in the past year , China has continued to install high-frequency radar and other facilities that can be used for military purposes

Prompt 3450:
The second phase Brexit negotiations will be significantly harder than an already difficult first phase of talks , European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Friday . The leaders of the 27 countries remaining in

Prompt 3451:
European Union leaders will agree on Friday to move forward with Britain s exit negotiations to prepare a future trade deal , Lithuanian president Dalia Grybauskaite said . We will give the mandate for preparation

Prompt 3452:
Britain and its NATO allies must defend deep sea cables against a potentially catastrophic attack by the Russia navy that could disrupt trillions of dollars in financial transactions , the head of Britain s armed

Prompt 3453:
The upper house of the Russian parliament voted on Friday to set March 18 as the date of next year s presidential election . The decision was approved by the Russian senators unanimously , speaker

Prompt 3454:
Russia is open to working with the United States to try to solve the crisis in Libya , Russia s ambassador to Libya was cited as saying on Friday by the RIA news agency .

Prompt 3455:
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich said on Friday that Russia and Egypt were still in talks to decide on the date that Russia would resume regular flights to Egypt , the TASS news agency

Prompt 3456:
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen encouraged the United States and European Union on Friday to freeze the assets of Cambodian leaders abroad in response to his government s crackdown on the opposition and civil society

Prompt 3457:
The crisis over North Korea s weapons programs must be resolved through talks , not war , Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Thursday , while U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres warned of the danger of

Prompt 3458:
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov said on Friday that Russia was not ready to sign up to new sanctions on North Korea that would strangle the Asian country economically , the Interfax news agency

Prompt 3459:
Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has lost support of senior cabinet officials after it emerged he had business links to scandal-plagued Brazilian company Odebrecht , two government sources said on Thursday , amid opposition calls

Prompt 3460:
An American serving a life sentence in a Hong Kong jail for the 2003 milkshake murder of her Merrill Lynch banker husband made a fresh challenge against her sentence on Friday . Nancy Kissel ,

Prompt 3461:
The chief U.S. negotiator for North Korea said on Friday the United States should engage in direct diplomacy with Pyongyang alongside sanctions imposed over its nuclear and ballistic missile programmes . U.S. Secretary of State

Prompt 3462:
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov said Moscow had not had high-level contacts with the new North Korean leadership but they were possible , the Interfax news agency reported on Friday . In theory they

Prompt 3463:
The United States on Thursday presented for the first time pieces of what it said were Iranian weapons supplied to the Iran-aligned Houthi militia in Yemen , describing it as conclusive evidence that Tehran was

Prompt 3464:
A spokesman for Yemen s Houthi group on Thursday dismissed U.S. accusations that Iran had supplied a missile fired at Saudi Arabia last month , saying it was an attempt to divert attention from the

Prompt 3465:
China said on Friday that its people today enjoy the greatest level of political and civil rights ever , in a report issued just days after the European Union and United States expressed extreme concern

Prompt 3466:
Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said late on Thursday that he would not resign over a scandal involving payments that Brazilian builder Odebrecht paid a decade ago to a company he controlled while holding public

Prompt 3467:
The arrest of two Reuters journalists in Yangon this week was a signal that press freedom is shrinking in Myanmar and the international community must do all it can to get them released , U.N.

Prompt 3468:
Japan will impose additional sanctions on North Korea following repeated threats by Pyongyang s missiles and nuclear program , Japan s top government spokesman said on Friday . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a

Prompt 3469:
China s naval chief has told his Australian counterpart that his country s actions on the South China Sea run counter to the general trend of peace and stability in the disputed waterway . Australia

Prompt 3470:
Chile s presidential hopefuls ended their campaigns in downtown Santiago on Thursday ahead of an uncertain runoff election whose outcome will determine whether the world s top copper producer turns to the right or maintains

Prompt 3471:
U.S. President Trump spoke by phone on Thursday with Russian President Vladimir Putin and the two leaders discussed working together to resolve the very dangerous situation in North Korea , the White House said in

Prompt 3472:
The leader of Italy s far-right Northern League said on Thursday he was suspending contacts with his main political ally , former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi , because of a disagreement over how tough courts

Prompt 3473:
U.S. President Trump spoke by phone on Thursday with Russian President Vladimir Putin and a statement about their conversation will be released later in the day , White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said . President

Prompt 3474:
Argentina s lower house on Thursday suspended a vote on President Mauricio Macri s pension reform plan , after the debate became a shouting match and protesters and police clashed violently outside Congress . The

Prompt 3475:
Four adolescents were killed when a train smashed into a school bus on a level crossing outside the town of Perpignan in southwestern France on Thursday . Images from the scene showed the bus split

Prompt 3476:
Poland s new prime minister said on Thursday he expected the European Commission to launch an unprecedented punishment procedure against Warsaw next week after months of wrangling over the rule of law . Several thousand

Prompt 3477:
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , who has made gender equality a priority , on Thursday said empowering women would be one of the main themes when Canada takes over the presidency of the Group

Prompt 3478:
Two nephews of Venezuela s first lady were sentenced to 18 years in prison on Thursday following their convictions in New York on U.S. drug trafficking charges . U.S. District Judge Paul Crotty sentenced the

Prompt 3479:
The leftist front-runner for Mexico s 2018 presidential election on Thursday proposed a moderate U.S.-trained economist for finance minister , unveiling a planned cabinet made up of men and women in equal measure . Former

Prompt 3480:
British Prime Minister Theresa May made clear her desire on Thursday to move Brexit talks forward to a discussion of a future trade relationship at a dinner with EU leaders who applauded her for progress

Prompt 3481:
What a difference a year makes . A year ago , Prime Minister Theresa May was pictured standing alone at an EU summit , nervously playing with her sleeve as other leaders embraced and chatted

Prompt 3482:
At least two people were killed and several others wounded by stabbings in the southern Dutch city of Maastricht on Thursday evening , police said . The police said in a statement there were two

Prompt 3483:
A round of Syria peace talks that ended on Thursday was a big missed opportunity but there may be more talks next month if ideas can be found to encourage President Bashar al-Assad s government

Prompt 3484:
A leader of a British far-right group , whose anti-Islamic posts were retweeted by U.S. President Donald Trump causing outrage in Britain , was arrested in Northern Ireland on Thursday minutes after being bailed over

Prompt 3485:
The international community must do more to persuade the Syrian government to negotiate in U.N.-led talks , which were in great danger , the head of the opposition delegation said after an eighth round ended

Prompt 3486:
Four people were killed on Thursday when a helicopter belonging to utility Hydro One crashed in central Ontario , the company said in a statement . Hydro One did not provide details on its four

Prompt 3487:
Colombia s government is urgently working with Congress on a law that would lay out terms of surrender for crime gangs such as the Gulf Clan , President Juan Manuel Santos said on Thursday ,

Prompt 3488:
European Union leaders agreed on Thursday to prolong for another six months the bloc s economic sanctions on Russia , imposed over the annexation of Ukraine s peninsula of Crimea and Moscow s support for

Prompt 3489:
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said on Thursday the EU s decision to extend economic sanctions on Russia was an important political decision on behalf of his country . The EU announced the six-month extension earlier

Prompt 3490:
Families are being torn apart by the rift between Qatar and three other Gulf Arab states which began six months ago , Amnesty International said on Thursday , despite measures to ease the impact of

Prompt 3491:
The United States is suspending food and fuel aid for most of Somalia s armed forces over corruption concerns , a blow to the military as African peacekeepers start to withdraw this month . African

Prompt 3492:
When soldiers burst into her village in southwest Cameroon last month with guns blazing , small farmer Eta Quinta , 32 , raced into the forest with three of her children . I found a

Prompt 3493:
Two U.S. F-22 fighter aircraft fired warning flares on Wednesday after two Russian Su-25 jets entered an agreed upon deconfliction area in airspace east of the Euphrates river in Syria , the U.S. military said

Prompt 3494:
The lower house of Brazil s Congress will delay a vote on a bill trimming social security benefits until Feb. 19 , Speaker Rodrigo Maia said on Thursday , pushing a decision on the cornerstone

Prompt 3495:
Saudi Arabia on Thursday welcomed a United Nations report and a U.S. stand on Iran s missile supplies to Yemen s Houthis and demanded immediate action to hold Tehran accountable for its actions , state

Prompt 3496:
A Pentagon-backed rebel group and the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State killed more than 20 Islamic State fighters and detained a number of militants in the southern Syrian desert near a base , the coalition

Prompt 3497:
The Conservative leader in Canada s oil-rich Alberta , Jason Kenney , ran in a special election on Thursday to obtain a seat in the legislature that could lay the groundwork for his efforts to

Prompt 3498:
European Union nations , now unfettered by Britain s decision to quit , achieved a 70-year-old ambition on Thursday to integrate their defenses , launching a pact between 25 EU governments to fund , develop

Prompt 3499:
In the run-up to Kenya s August presidential election , the ruling party used divisive social media campaigns created by a U.S. company whose previous clients include President Donald Trump , a Britain-based privacy advocacy

Prompt 3500:
Center-left Senator Alejandro Guillier and conservative billionaire Sebastian Pinera will go head to head in a runoff for Chile s presidency on Sunday , after securing the top two spots in the Nov. 19 first-round

Prompt 3501:
Tens of thousands of Palestinians including hundreds of gunmen rallied in Gaza on Thursday to mark the 30th anniversary of Hamas s founding and its chief vowed to reverse U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition

Prompt 3502:
Israel s Supreme Court ruled on Thursday that the state could not keep the bodies of Palestinian gunmen for use as bargaining chips to get back its own dead unless it enacted legislation permitting it

Prompt 3503:
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday he faced no credible high-profile political opponents as he prepared to run for re-election in March , but would work to try to create a more balanced political

Prompt 3504:
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday the United States was in the grip of a fabricated spymania whipped up by President Donald Trump s opponents but he thought battered U.S.-Russia relations would recover one

Prompt 3505:
Russian President Vladimir Putin said he was tired of hearing allegations from Warsaw that a 2010 plane crash that killed then Polish President Lech Kaczynski was the result of a Russian conspiracy , drawing a

Prompt 3506:
The president of the European Parliament on Thursday called on Myanmar to protect media freedoms and urged its government to release two Reuters journalists arrested this week . I hope the authorities in Myanmar will

Prompt 3507:
The commander of Iraq s biggest Shi ite Muslim paramilitary group told its fighters on Thursday to take their orders from the national military and cut their ties with the group s political wing .

Prompt 3508:
Iran rejected as unfounded a U.S. accusation on Thursday that it supplied a missile fired at Saudi Arabia from Yemen on Nov. 4 , describing weaponry displayed by U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations

Prompt 3509:
Russian President Vladimir Putin , who is running for re-election in March , has proposed writing off some of the tax debts accumulated by Russian individuals and small businesses . A total of about 80

Prompt 3510:
Coalition talks between Austria s far-right Freedom Party and conservatives led by Sebastian Kurz are drawing to a close and have laid down guarantees that the next government will be pro-European , Kurz said on

Prompt 3511:
The head of U.S. forces in Africa has ordered an additional investigation into an August raid in Somalia by Somali and American forces , the U.S military said on Thursday . Last month , the

Prompt 3512:
Reuters photographer Mohamad Torokman found himself staring down the barrel of a gun when he captured the moment an undercover Israeli military group shut down a Palestinian protest , in a rarely witnessed infiltration technique

Prompt 3513:
Syrian government negotiator Bashar al-Ja afari accused its opposition , backed by Western countries and Saudi Arabia , of sabotaging a round of U.N.-led peace talks that ended in Geneva on Thursday without any results

Prompt 3514:
Arms provided by the United States and Saudi Arabia to Syrian opposition groups frequently ended up in the hands of Islamic State , an arms monitoring group that analyzed weapons found on the battlefield said

Prompt 3515:
One of the Chennai Six group of ex-British soldiers jailed in India was dragged to a psychiatric hospital and force-fed anti-psychotic tablets during his time in jail , a London court considering whether to extradite

Prompt 3516:
Nigerian state governors on Thursday approved the release of $ 1 billion from the country s excess oil account to the government to help fight the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency . The account holds foreign

Prompt 3517:
A fresh row over judicial changes in Romania broke out on Thursday with prosecutors and the political opposition warning that proposed amendments to the criminal code would weaken the fight against corruption and other crimes

Prompt 3518:
Survivors of a blaze that killed 71 people six months ago in the Grenfell Tower social housing block in west London wept during a multi-faith memorial service at St Paul s Cathedral on Thursday attended

Prompt 3519:
While 2017 saw the tide of the military conflict in Syria seemingly turn against Islamic State forces , the humanitarian crisis prompted by the conflict intensified in severity and in the breadth of the areas

Prompt 3520:
Twenty-five EU governments have agreed a defense pact to mark a new era of greater European military integration after Britain s decision to quit the bloc . Below is a list of dates in European

Prompt 3521:
Nazareth , the Israeli Arab city where Jesus is thought to have been raised , has canceled some Christmas celebrations in protest at U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital

Prompt 3522:
Britain has expressed grave concerns to the government of Myanmar over the arrest of two Reuters journalists , Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Thursday . Myanmar s Ministry of Information said in a statement

Prompt 3523:
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi s ruling group will sweep an election in his home state of Gujarat , surveys showed on Thursday , shaking off the most serious challenge yet from a combined opposition

Prompt 3524:
Italy s Senate passed into law on Thursday a bill allowing severely ill people to refuse treatment that would prolong their lives . The bill passed 180 votes to 71 in the face of opposition

Prompt 3525:
NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg welcomed greater cooperation between the Western military alliance and European Union on Thursday , saying the two were stronger together . Forces and capabilities developed under EU initiatives have to be

Prompt 3526:
When a 17-year-old Bollywood actress took to social media this week alleging she was sexually assaulted on an airplane , she appeared to catch the airline industry off-guard . Her allegations - denied by the

Prompt 3527:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday she believed there was a good chance that the next phase of Brexit negotiations could begin . Progress has been made regarding the exit of Great Britain ,

Prompt 3528:
Former Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe visited a hospital in Singapore this week apparently for medical checks , his first trip outside his country since he was ousted from office last month , sources in Singapore

Prompt 3529:
New President Emmerson Mnangagwa on Thursday called for the removal of Western sanctions on members of Zimbabwe s ruling elite and said elections due in 2018 were nearer than you expect . The United States

Prompt 3530:
German police investigating four people suspected of planning an Islamist-motivated attack raided nine locations in Berlin and the eastern state of Saxony Anhalt on Thursday , prosecutors said . The four suspects , aged between

Prompt 3531:
South Sudan is hiking fees for humanitarians and blocking them from reaching hungry families , even as the oil-rich country appeals for nearly 2 billion dollars to help avert starvation amid a civil war ,

Prompt 3532:
Luxembourg s prime minister on Thursday said British counterpart Theresa May s ability to negotiate her country s withdrawal from the European Union is complicated by her need for parliament s approval at home .

Prompt 3533:
North Korea on Thursday warned it would take merciless self-defensive measures should the United States enforce a naval blockade , which Pyongyang sees as an act of war , the isolated nation s state media

Prompt 3534:
Since mid-2016 , U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan has carried around a postcard that he has said shows how easy it will be for Americans to file their taxes once Republicans are finished their tax

Prompt 3535:
The new prime ministers of Poland and the Czech Republic vowed not to give any ground on the divisive issue of hosting refugees as they arrived in Brussels on Thursday for their first summit of

Prompt 3536:
Brazil s most wanted arms trafficker , an alleged weapons supplier for Rio de Janeiro s biggest criminal gang the Red Command ( CV ) , was captured in southern Paraguay on Wednesday , Rio

Prompt 3537:
A Kosovo prosecutor withdrew his bid on Thursday to extradite a Turkish citizen accused by Turkey of being part of a group linked to a failed coup there in 2016 , saying Ankara had not

Prompt 3538:
President Vladimir Putin warned on Thursday that some of his opponents would destabilize Russia and usher in chaos if they were elected in a presidential election next year , but promised genuine political competition .

Prompt 3539:
Tuesday s blast at Austria s Baumgarten gas hub , which killed one person and disrupted European gas flows , was most likely caused by a loose seal on a filter cap , operator Gas

Prompt 3540:
Iraq hanged 38 Sunni Muslim militants on Thursday after they were sentenced to death on terrorism charges , the justice ministry said in a statement . The mass executions were carried out at a prison

Prompt 3541:
South Korean President Moon Jae-in will unveil an array of TV talent and K-Pop celebrities at events , including a state dinner , in China on Thursday as he attempts to smooth out a year

Prompt 3542:
A Saudi-backed Islamic military coalition will provide logistical , intelligence and training to a new West African counter-terrorism force that is struggling to get off the ground , Saudi Arabia s foreign minister said .

Prompt 3543:
Stronger ties between Russia and China are good for everyone , Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday , adding that Moscow and Beijing would remain long-term strategic partners regardless of the result of Russia

Prompt 3544:
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that spymania had been artificially whipped up between Russia and the United States , and that eventually relations between the two countries would get back to normal .

Prompt 3545:
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that a strike on North Korea by the United States would have catastrophic consequences and that he hoped to work with Washington eventually to resolve the crisis on

Prompt 3546:
A suicide bomber disguised as a policeman blew himself up inside a police training camp in Somalia s capital Mogadishu on Thursday and killed at least 18 officers , officials said . Police spokesman Major

Prompt 3547:
U.N. Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura urged Russia on Wednesday to convince its ally the Syrian government of the need to clinch a peace deal to end the nearly seven-year-old war . De

Prompt 3548:
A senior United Nations human rights official on Thursday said he was investigating North Korea s allegations that a dozen restaurant workers who arrived in the South from China last year were abducted against their

Prompt 3549:
War must never be allowed to take place on the Korean peninsula and the issue must be resolved via talks , Chinese President Xi Jinping told his South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-in on Thursday ,

Prompt 3550:
Islamic State threatened attacks on U.S. soil in retaliation for the Trump administration s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , one of the group s social media accounts reported on Thursday

Prompt 3551:
Indonesia s constitutional court on Thursday narrowly rejected a petition by a conservative group to make extramarital sex illegal , but rights activists braced for a renewal of the battle in parliament and other state

Prompt 3552:
Several dozen women in Kenya said police officers attacked them during this year s election season and some said they were raped by men in uniform , Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) said on

Prompt 3553:
Russia and Saudi Arabia have signed a roadmap for cooperation in the atomic energy sector , Russian state nuclear company Rosatom said on Thursday . The roadmap comprises a number of steps needed to implement

Prompt 3554:
Britain is less likely to leave the European Union without an agreed exit deal after last week s decision by the European Commission to recommend that talks move on to the next phase , Brexit

Prompt 3555:
Russian President Vladimir Putin , seeking a new term in office in a March election , said on Thursday he would run as an independent candidate while hoping for support from more than one political

Prompt 3556:
A Hindu man in India tried to raise money for a campaign against minority Muslims by issuing an appeal for donations with a video he took and posted online showing him killing a Muslim ,

Prompt 3557:
Moscow s Arbitration Court on Thursday rejected a claim by Germany s Siemens that the sale of its turbines which were delivered to Crimea was invalid . In August , the same court rejected a

Prompt 3558:
Egypt s aviation minister will travel to Russia to sign protocol agreements as early as Friday to allow the resumption of Russian flights that were suspended after the 2015 bombing of a tourist jet ,

Prompt 3559:
South Africa s President Jacob Zuma has filed an appeal against a court ruling that his appointment of a state prosecutor to decide whether to reinstate corruption charges against him was not valid , local

Prompt 3560:
China accused the United States on Thursday of interfering in its internal affairs and said it had lodged a complaint after U.S. President Donald Trump signed into law an act laying the groundwork for possible

Prompt 3561:
Mexican Senate committees on Wednesday approved a controversial security bill that human rights groups say risks granting excessive power to the armed forces in their already checkered role in combating organized crime in the country

Prompt 3562:
Sweden will raise the minimum age at which workers can take their state pension over the coming years , a move designed to match an increase in average life spans , the major political parties

Prompt 3563:
China summoned Australia s ambassador to lodge a complaint last week over Canberra s allegation that Beijing had sought to interfere in Australian politics , a source familiar with the diplomatic action told Reuters on

Prompt 3564:
Russia and Egypt may sign an agreement on Friday allowing to resume Russian civilian flights to Egypt , the TASS news agency cited Russian Transport Minister Maxim Sokolov as saying on Thursday . Egypt s

Prompt 3565:
China said on Thursday it had complained to the United States about the signing into law of an act which authorizes the possibility of mutual visits by navy vessels between self-ruled Taiwan and the United

Prompt 3566:
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres , warning against the danger of sleepwalking into war , said on Thursday that Security Council resolutions on North Korea s nuclear and missile programs must be fully implemented by Pyongyang

Prompt 3567:
The first meeting of a Russian-North Korea military commission is discussing the implementation of a 2015 agreement on preventing dangerous military activities signed by the two nations in 2015 , Russia s embassy to Pyongyang

Prompt 3568:
A delegation of Russia s defense ministry is taking part in the first meeting of a Russian-North Korean military commission in Pyongyang , the RIA news agency cited Russian diplomats as saying on Thursday .

Prompt 3569:
Australia s population is expanding at the fastest pace in the developed world as skilled migrants flock to the resource-rich nation , a fillip to economic growth overall but perhaps also a source of puzzling

Prompt 3570:
Myanmar s government said on Wednesday that police had arrested two Reuters journalists , Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo . The reporters had been working on stories about a military crackdown on the Rohingya

Prompt 3571:
China marked the 80th anniversary of the Nanjing Massacre on Wednesday with a call to work with Japan for peace , but President Xi Jinping kept a low profile and left the main public remarks

Prompt 3572:
Brazilian builder Odebrecht transferred $ 4.8 million to companies linked to Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski between 2004 and 2012 , some of which was paid to a company Kuczynski controlled when he held senior

Prompt 3573:
Heathrow Airport announced a public consultation on the proposed development of a third runway at Europe s biggest airport , saying it aimed to mitigate the environmental impact of expansion . Prime Minister Theresa May

Prompt 3574:
Prime Minister Theresa May s government was defeated on Wednesday , when lawmakers forced through changes to its Brexit blueprint that ministers said could endanger Britain s departure from the European Union . In a

Prompt 3575:
Britain urgently needs a standstill deal to keep its ties with the European Union unchanged in a post-Brexit transition period , and will probably need an adaptation phase after that for sectors such as financial

Prompt 3576:
An independent U.N. human rights investigator said on Wednesday that he had information about an inmate being tortured at the U.S. Guantanamo Bay detention facility , despite Washington banning enhanced interrogation techniques almost 10 years

Prompt 3577:
Some U.S.-bound flights from Toronto s main international airport were delayed on Wednesday afternoon due to an incident that prompted authorities to require some passengers to go through customs a second time , a spokeswoman

Prompt 3578:
No negotiations can be held with North Korea until it improves its behavior , a White House official said on Wednesday , raising questions about U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s offer to begin

Prompt 3579:
An Ecuadorean court on Wednesday sentenced Vice President Jorge Glas to six years in jail after finding him guilty of receiving bribes from Brazilian construction company Odebrecht [ ODBCT.UL ] in return for handing the

Prompt 3580:
Muslim leaders on Wednesday condemned U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and called on the world to respond by recognizing East Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine .

Prompt 3581:
Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives said they were willing to open formal talks on forming a government with Germany s Social Democrats ( SPD ) - but her chosen partner was expected to take two

Prompt 3582:
The State Department said Wednesday that the United States would be open to talking to North Korea when the time is right but that it could not happen now because Pyongyang has shown no sign

Prompt 3583:
Canada said on Wednesday that defense contractors would be allowed to sell weapons such as automatic firearms and electric stun guns to Ukraine , a move the government in Kiev has long pressed for .

Prompt 3584:
North Korea s leader Kim Jong Un vowed to develop more nuclear weapons on Tuesday while personally decorating scientists and officials who contributed to the development of Pyongyang s most advanced intercontinental ballistic missile ,

Prompt 3585:
The U.S. Embassy in London moves next month to a new billion-dollar home overlooking the River Thames just as U.S. President Donald Trump s actions have placed strains on the special relationship between Britain and

Prompt 3586:
Turkish police summoned a Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) official on Wednesday over statements made in a U.S. court by a former Turkish police investigator who fled the country last year , the

Prompt 3587:
Brazilian President Michel Temer had minor surgery on Wednesday for a narrowing of his urethra and the operation was successful , his office said . It was the second time the 77-year-old president had surgery

Prompt 3588:
Saudi Arabia s King Salman bin Abdulaziz said on Wednesday his government was determined to confront corruption with justice and decisiveness , signalling continued support for a crackdown on sleaze involving mass arrests of top

Prompt 3589:
Romania s lower house of parliament approved on Wednesday legislation to overhaul its justice system , legislation that the European Commission , the U.S. State Department and the country s president have criticized as threatening

Prompt 3590:
Italy s parliament will be dissolved between Christmas and the New Year , a parliamentary source said on Wednesday , opening the way for national elections in early March that look unlikely to produce a

Prompt 3591:
British lawmakers defeated Prime Minister Theresa May s government on Wednesday , voting to change her Brexit blueprint in a move which could complicate her efforts to sever ties with the European Union . The

Prompt 3592:
The British government is disappointed by a vote in parliament to change Prime Minister Theresa May s Brexit blueprint , but it will not stop legal preparations for Britain to leave the European Union ,

Prompt 3593:
Some building companies that installed dangerous cladding on social housing blocks across Britain are now winning new contracts following the Grenfell Tower blaze to remove their original work and install panels that can pass safety

Prompt 3594:
A French-backed West African military force to tackle Islamist militants must secure its first victories by the middle of 2018 to prove its worth and ensure more concrete support from the United Nations , the

Prompt 3595:
An Irish parliamentary committee on Wednesday recommended that an abortion referendum due next year should offer the choice of allowing terminations with no restrictions up to 12 weeks into a pregnancy , a more liberal

Prompt 3596:
Eleven Congolese militia fighters were jailed for life on Wednesday for raping dozens of girls as young as 18 months during ceremonies meant to give the men supernatural powers , rights groups observing the trial

Prompt 3597:
Venezuela s opposition received a European Union prize for human rights on Wednesday and urged the world to keep a close eye on an upcoming presidential election where it aspires to end two decades of

Prompt 3598:
A public prosecutor in Peru is seeking the pre-trial detention of Luis Figari , founder of an elite Catholic society who is accused of sexually and physically abusing children and former members of the group

Prompt 3599:
The United States , which wants to prevent violence spilling over from Syria into Lebanon , will give the Lebanese army $ 120 million more in aid to boost border security and counter-terrorism work ,

Prompt 3600:
The German military s procurement agency has 1,300 unfilled jobs , accounting for about 20 percent of its entire workforce , a report by the Defence Ministry showed on Wednesday , putting further strains on

Prompt 3601:
Rivals from the two sides of the European Union s migration dispute will meet in Brussels on Thursday in a goodwill gesture just as the bloc reopens a bitter feud over hosting refugees . Prime

Prompt 3602:
A Portuguese court has handed long prison sentences to six members of a bogus religious cult that sexually abused boys , including their own children , under the pretence of rituals on a farm just

Prompt 3603:
Egyptian security forces have arrested three supporters of presidential hopeful and former prime minister Ahmed Shafik , security sources and members of his party said on Wednesday . The men were charged with spreading false

Prompt 3604:
A bill proposed by Nigerian lawmakers to regulate non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) threatens freedoms by handing the government sweeping powers over civil society , an array of groups said on Wednesday . In a

Prompt 3605:
Brazilian police raided the offices and homes of two members of Congress on Wednesday in the country s latest corruption probe as the government makes a last-ditch effort to vote on an overhaul of the

Prompt 3606:
Algerians are facing the eventual departure of their long-serving president , the ailing Abdelaziz Bouteflika , in the knowledge that all is being done to ensure little changes when he goes . The 80-year-old leader

Prompt 3607:
Russian-based operatives placed three adverts on Facebook in the run-up to Britain s 2016 referendum on EU membership , spending just 97 cents to raise the issue of immigration , the social media platform said

Prompt 3608:
Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis , a billionaire businessman who ran on an anti-establishment ticket , took office with his cabinet on Wednesday , but it was unclear whether his tenure will survive a confidence

Prompt 3609:
The leaders of the European Union s remaining 27 member states are very likely to approve this week the deal struck by their chief negotiator with Britain and move to a second phase of exit

Prompt 3610:
Zimbabwe takes its next step into the post-Mugabe era soon , when its new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , names two vice presidents - appointments that will signal whether he is breaking with the country

Prompt 3611:
The Gotthard road tunnel under the Alps in Switzerland was closed for hours on Wednesday after a truck and a passenger car collided , killing two people and damaging the key transit route , police

Prompt 3612:
Finland will leave the European Union and position itself as the Switzerland of the north to protect its independence if Laura Huhtasaari , the presidential candidate of the eurosceptic Finns Party has her way .

Prompt 3613:
Jewish groups in Germany are pressing the authorities to crack down on anti-Semitic acts following the burning of Jewish symbols and Israeli flags at protests . The American Jewish Committee Berlin , the JSUD group

Prompt 3614:
South Africa s High Court ruled on Wednesday that President Jacob Zuma must set up a judicial inquiry into state influence-peddling within 30 days , the latest in a series of judicial blows to his

Prompt 3615:
Nigeria s court of appeal on Tuesday dismissed 15 charges against the Senate president related to alleged false declarations of assets , but it upheld three other charges against him . Bukola Saraki s three-year

Prompt 3616:
Turkey s President Tayyip Erdogan said on Wednesday that the United States could no longer be a mediator in efforts to end Israeli-Palestinian conflict after its decision to recognize Israel as the capital of Israel

Prompt 3617:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered to begin direct talks with North Korea without pre-conditions , backing away from a key U.S. demand that Pyongyang must first accept that giving up its nuclear arsenal

Prompt 3618:
The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday that Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov had held talks with China s ambassador to Russia Li Hui about Moscow and Beijing coordinating action on North Korea at the

Prompt 3619:
A draft declaration prepared for a summit of Muslim leaders on Wednesday said they considered Washington s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel as a sign of U.S. withdrawal from its role

Prompt 3620:
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Wednesday the Palestinians will go to the United Nations Security Council over full U.N. membership after the U.S. decided to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital . Abbas ,

Prompt 3621:
French President Emmanuel Macron , concerned that a divisive discussion over euro zone reform might undermine his broader European agenda , has begun prioritizing other areas of EU cooperation , French officials say . Macron

Prompt 3622:
Greece s top court cleared the way on Wednesday for the extradition to the United States of a Russian man , also wanted in Moscow , suspected of having laundered billions of dollars in the

Prompt 3623:
The Czech government will seek a vote of confidence on Jan. 10 , Prime Minister Andrej Babis said on Wednesday after his cabinet was sworn in . Babis s ANO party finished first in a

Prompt 3624:
Saudi-led coalition aircraft struck a military police camp in the Houthi-controlled Yemeni capital Sanaa on Wednesday , killing at least 39 people and wounding 90 more , including some prisoners , an official and witnesses

Prompt 3625:
Muscle flexing by U.S. armed forces in South Korea is fraught with grave consequences for the entire region , Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Wednesday . Moscow called on the United States

Prompt 3626:
The European Parliament urged EU leaders on Wednesday to allow the next phase of Brexit negotiations to start , backing a motion that recognised the talks had advanced sufficiently as a well a line criticising

Prompt 3627:
Pakistan has told at least 10 foreign-funded aid groups to close , an umbrella agency said on Wednesday , including a charity founded by hedge fund billionaire and philanthropist George Soros , the group said

Prompt 3628:
One of Sweden s most notorious criminals appeared in a court in Germany on Wednesday , charged with a murder he is accused of having committed in Frankfurt more than 25 years ago . The

Prompt 3629:
Poland s new prime minister faces a difficult balancing act trying to repair bruised relations with the European Union without alienating the eurosceptic government s core voters . A Western-educated former banker who is fluent

Prompt 3630:
British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday that the final Brexit withdrawal agreement will be put to a vote in both houses of parliament . We will put the final withdrawal agreement between the

Prompt 3631:
Mozambican President Filipe Nyusi has sacked four ministers , including those with the foreign affairs and energy portfolios , his office said late on Tuesday , without giving a reason . Energy is a key

Prompt 3632:
Italy s parliament will be dissolved between Christmas and the New Year with national elections likely set for March 4 , a parliamentary source in contact with the president s office said on Wednesday .

Prompt 3633:
The Dutch government said on Wednesday it is joining Austria s lawsuit against Germany at the European Court of Justice over plans for a road toll for foreign drivers . The toll would apply to

Prompt 3634:
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday all Muslim nations should work together to defend the rights of Palestinians following Donald Trump s decision last week to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital . Rouhani

Prompt 3635:
Indonesian prosecutors charged a former parliament speaker on Wednesday in connection with a $ 170 million graft scandal after he held up proceedings for hours at the opening of his trial , saying he was

Prompt 3636:
Life has stopped in its tracks in Myanmar s northern Rakhine state where an estimated 180,000 Rohingya remain , fearful after violence drove 650,000 to flee to Bangladesh , the International Committee of the Red

Prompt 3637:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her conservative Bavarian allies meet the leader of the centre-left Social Democrats ( SPD ) on Wednesday to start exploring the possibility of governing together . The two groups have

Prompt 3638:
Chinese authorities have collected DNA and other biometric data from the whole population of the volatile western region of Xinjiang , Human Right Watch said on Wednesday , denouncing the campaign as a gross violation

Prompt 3639:
South Africa s High Court ruled on Wednesday that an inquiry into alleged state influence-peddling in President Jacob Zuma s government should be established as recommended by the anti-graft watchdog in a report released a

Prompt 3640:
Philippine lawmakers on Wednesday overwhelmingly backed President Rodrigo Duterte s plan to extend martial law for all of next year in Mindanao , an island he called a flashpoint for trouble and atrocities by Islamist

Prompt 3641:
South Sudan needs $ 1.7 billion in aid next year to help 6 million people half of its population cope with the effects of war , hunger and economic decline , the government and the

Prompt 3642:
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday all Muslim nations should work together to defend the rights of Palestinians against Donald Trump s decision last week to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital . Speaking

Prompt 3643:
Russia will keep a naval and an air base in Syria capable of carrying out strikes against insurgents if required after a partial military pull-out announced by President Vladimir Putin , the Kremlin said on

Prompt 3644:
Jordan s King Abdullah on Wednesday rejected any attempt to change the status of Jerusalem or its holy sites , and said peace would not come to the region without a resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian

Prompt 3645:
French President Emmanuel Macron will be a guest of honor at an economic forum to be held in Russia s second-largest city St. Petersburg next year , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday

Prompt 3646:
Taiwan will fail to get foreign support for its cause , the Chinese government said on Wednesday after a Chinese diplomat threatened the self-ruled island with attack , while Taiwan said it was committed to

Prompt 3647:
The Kremlin said on Wednesday that U.S. allegations it was involved in a new generation of warfare , including internal political subversion , against the United States , were groundless and not backed by facts

Prompt 3648:
Hoping a thaw in relations with China will reopen opportunities after a diplomatic spat earlier this year cost many of them business , some 300 South Korean executives joined President Moon Jae-in for the start

Prompt 3649:
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Wednesday , the Trump administration s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel was the greatest crime and a flagrant violation of international law . Jerusalem is

Prompt 3650:
The United States has called on Cambodia to reverse steps that backtracked on democracy before a general election next year , a visiting U.S. official said on Wednesday . Relations between Cambodia and the United

Prompt 3651:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan called on world powers to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine on Wednesday and said the United States should reverse a decision recognizing the city as Israel s capital .

Prompt 3652:
Russia welcomes U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s statement that Washington is ready to begin direct talks with North Korea , the Interfax news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying

Prompt 3653:
Russia is ready to consider easing an arms embargo for Libya , the Interfax news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov as saying on Wednesday . Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj said this

Prompt 3654:
Set to host the Winter Olympics in February , South Korea conducted a series of security drills on Tuesday to prepare against terror attacks ranging from a hostage situation , a vehicle ramming a stadium

Prompt 3655:
A Pakistani court on Wednesday summoned a police officer investigating the case of a missing peace activist who is believed to have been kidnapped by unidentified men this month . Four activists critical of the

Prompt 3656:
The United States criticized a decision by Poland s media regulator to slap a $ 415,000 fine on TVN , a U.S.-owned private broadcaster , saying the ruling appeared to undermine media freedom . The

Prompt 3657:
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Wednesday his government s future was at risk if it lost a Sydney by-election this weekend and failed to regain its one-seat majority , forcing it to rely

Prompt 3658:
China s Foreign Ministry on Wednesday said it welcomed all efforts to ease tension on the Korean peninsula after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson offered to begin direct talks with North Korea without pre-conditions

Prompt 3659:
Three judges in Hong Kong s Court of Appeal are set to decide the fate of a former British banker who was jailed for life last year for the murder of two Indonesian women he

Prompt 3660:
One Afghan and three Turkish teachers linked to an organization regarded with suspicion by the Turkish government were detained by Afghan intelligence officials on Tuesday , the organization s head said . The move against

Prompt 3661:
A Russian defense ministry delegation has arrived in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang , the Interfax news agency cited North Korea s embassy to Russia as saying on Wednesday . No details of the

Prompt 3662:
Poland s new government led by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki won a vote of confidence in parliament just before midnight on Tuesday , voting records showed , opening the way for the Cabinet to start

Prompt 3663:
Turkey criticized what it said was a feeble Arab reaction to the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , saying on the eve of Wednesday s Muslim summit in Istanbul that some

Prompt 3664:
A joint session of the Philippine Congress on Wednesday approved a one-year extension of martial law on the southern island of Mindanao , backing a move by President Rodrigo Duterte to tackle Muslim extremists .

Prompt 3665:
A fire in a southern neighbourhood of Beijing early on Wednesday killed five people , the Chinese government said , just weeks after another deadly blaze in the city prompted a crackdown against migrant workers

Prompt 3666:
A window fell from a U.S. helicopter onto a school sports field near a U.S. Marines air base on Okinawa on Wednesday , the Marines said , the latest in a series of accidents that

Prompt 3667:
The Singapore government s laws limiting critical speech and peaceful assembly are overly broad and make the country a repressive place severely restricting what can be said and published , Human Rights Watch said on

Prompt 3668:
Japan and the United States are in 100 percent agreement that pressure should be maximized on North Korea over its weapons and nuclear program , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said on Wednesday . Suga

Prompt 3669:
The South Korean army said on Wednesday it conducted a successful air-to-air missile firing drill from Apache helicopters which was designed to respond to any provocation from the enemy . It was the first time

Prompt 3670:
The leader of the small Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan , which out-performed expectations in an October vote , now hopes that by offering clear policy alternatives he can oust Prime Minister Shinzo Abe s

Prompt 3671:
United Nations political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman said on Tuesday that senior North Korean officials did not offer any type of commitment to talks during his visit to Pyongyang last week , but he believes

Prompt 3672:
A Brazilian appeals court on Tuesday said it would decide on Jan. 24 on an appeal by former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva against a corruption conviction that could bar him from running in

Prompt 3673:
The United States is voicing skepticism about Russian President Vladimir Putin s announcement of a major withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria and is arguing that his declaration of victory against Islamic State was premature

Prompt 3674:
A Colombian judge sentenced a former vice-minister of transport to five years and two months in prison on Tuesday after the ex-official admitted to taking millions of dollars in bribes from Brazilian construction giant Odebrecht

Prompt 3675:
French President Emmanuel Macron delivered a bleak assessment on the global fight against climate change to dozens of world leaders and company executives on Tuesday , telling them : We are losing the battle .

Prompt 3676:
The United Nations political affairs chief told senior North Korean officials during a visit to Pyongyang this week that there was an urgent need to prevent miscalculations and open channels to reduce the risks of

Prompt 3677:
There are no signs that a blockade of Yemen s ports by a Saudi-led military coalition has eased to allow aid to reach communities increasingly at risk of starvation , the head of the U.S.

Prompt 3678:
United Nations political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman arrived in North Korea on Tuesday for a rare visit that some analysts and diplomats hope could spark a U.N.-led effort to defuse rising tensions over Pyongyang s

Prompt 3679:
An Egyptian court jailed a little-known singer for two years on Tuesday for inciting debauchery , judicial sources said , after she appeared in a music video in her underwear and suggestively eating a banana

Prompt 3680:
A top U.N. official recounted to the Security Council on Tuesday heartbreaking and horrific accounts of sexual atrocities by Myanmar soldiers against Rohingya Muslim women , urging the body to visit the region and demand

Prompt 3681:
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Tuesday that the United States was willing to begin direct talks with North Korea without pre-conditions , appearing to back away from U.S. demands that Pyongyang first accept

Prompt 3682:
Mexican front-runner for next year s election , Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , formalized his bid for the presidency on Tuesday and promised his government would spend on the young , elderly and farmers .

Prompt 3683:
Poland should defend its national identity and interests at a time when the European Union is debating its own future , the country s new Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki told parliament on Tuesday . Warsaw

Prompt 3684:
Less than an hour after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital , Palestinians protested by turning off the lights on the Christmas tree outside Bethlehem s Church of the Nativity ,

Prompt 3685:
The U.S. State Department said on Tuesday that visa restrictions imposed on Gambia earlier this year will be lifted as of Dec. 12 after Banjul took steps to ensure its citizens ordered to leave the

Prompt 3686:
Venezuela said on Tuesday it would start a criminal investigation into powerful former oil czar Rafael Ramirez , in an escalation of a purge of alleged corruption that has resulted in the arrest of dozens

Prompt 3687:
French cement group Lafarge paid close to 13 million euros ( $ 15.2 million ) to armed groups including Islamic State militants to keep operating in Syria from 2011-2015 , human rights lawyers said on

Prompt 3688:
A former chairman of state-run Vietnam Rubber Group ( VRG ) and four other officials from its units have been issued with prosecution and probation orders for alleged violations of state rules , Vietnamese police

Prompt 3689:
European Union leaders will discuss how to further curb immigration from across the Mediterranean over dinner on Thursday , but are as divided as ever on how to take care of refugees who still make

Prompt 3690:
Albania will upgrade its road network with one billion euros from private capital over the next four years , and it plans to open an energy exchange in early 2019 , an official said .

Prompt 3691:
Iran s Supreme Court has upheld a death sentence against an Iranian academic with Swedish residency convicted of espionage , Amnesty International and his family said on Tuesday . Ahmadreza Djalali , a doctor and

Prompt 3692:
Poland will remain reliant on coal for power generation for now but in future should consider turning to nuclear energy and renewable sources , the new prime minister said on Tuesday in his first policy

Prompt 3693:
The European Union plays down talk by Britain s Brexit minister that last week s interim accord is not binding and will launch new talks on Friday that are David Davis-proof , a senior EU

Prompt 3694:
Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma is a fierce campaigner against racial inequality whose hostility to big business has rattled investors in South Africa . She is also one of two front runners to be the country s next

Prompt 3695:
France s foreign minister criticized Iran s regional ambitions , saying Paris could not accept Tehran s military expansion to the Mediterranean , and accused Russia of failing to use its influence to push U.N.-led

Prompt 3696:
NATO allies extended Jens Stoltenberg s term as secretary-general of the Western military alliance until late 2020 on Tuesday , giving the former Norwegian prime minister a rare six-year mandate in the top job .

Prompt 3697:
The European Parliament will insist on quickly making the deal reached between the European Union and Britain on divorce terms legally binding , worried London may not honor a gentleman s agreement , the parliament

Prompt 3698:
Prime Minister Theresa May s divorce deal with the European Union is the strongest signal since the shock 2016 Brexit referendum that the United Kingdom is heading towards an orderly departure that preserves very close

Prompt 3699:
Liberia will hold a delayed presidential run-off vote on Dec. 26 , the electoral commission chief said on Tuesday . Former soccer star George Weah faces Vice-President Joseph Boakai in the poll that was held

Prompt 3700:
Two Palestinian Islamic Jihad militants riding on a motorcycle in Gaza were killed in an explosion on Tuesday which the group implied was caused by an accidental detonation during preparations for an attack . Israel

Prompt 3701:
Syrian refugees could again seek to reach Europe in droves if aid programs are not sustained in five neighboring countries hosting the bulk of them , the United Nations said on Tuesday . The U.N.

Prompt 3702:
European governments are complicit in grave human rights violations in Libya through their support for authorities there who often work with people smugglers and torture refugees and migrants , Amnesty International said on Tuesday .

Prompt 3703:
European Council President Donald Tusk warned on Tuesday that completing a Brexit treaty and agreeing on future relations with Britain would be a furious race against time where EU states would have to stick together

Prompt 3704:
Bulgaria has frozen assets and property and bank accounts belonging to businessman and media owner Ivo Prokopiev , who said the state was trying to silence the country s independent media . The Commission for

Prompt 3705:
Poland s new prime minister , Mateusz Morawiecki , said on Tuesday in his first policy speech that he was opposed to a multi-speed Europe and that Warsaw wants to have a say in forming

Prompt 3706:
A German soldier was charged on Tuesday with plotting to kill senior politicians because of their support for refugees and trying to make it look like asylum seekers carried out the murders . The officer

Prompt 3707:
There is no possibility that Britain and the European Union can conclude a free trade agreement by the time Britain leaves in March 2019 , EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barner said on Tuesday . Asked

Prompt 3708:
French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday told dozens of world leaders and company bosses gathered at a climate summit in Paris that we are losing the battle against climate change . We re not moving

Prompt 3709:
South Africa s ruling African National Congress holds an election this weekend to replace Jacob Zuma as party leader in a closely fought contest whose winner is likely to emerge as the nation s next

Prompt 3710:
South African President Jacob Zuma has rejected local news reports that his office has started drafting regulations for a state of emergency , the president s office said on Tuesday . Emergency laws were last

Prompt 3711:
The nearly man of South African politics , Cyril Ramaphosa , is at last in with a chance of becoming president after being overlooked for years . Ramaphosa s political abilities have been apparent for

Prompt 3712:
A transgender woman has won a legal battle against Botswana s government to be recognized as female in a landmark victory for the rights of the lesbian , gay and transgender community . A conservative

Prompt 3713:
Wary of renewing a coalition with conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel , Germany s Social Democrats are instead contemplating a so-called cooperation arrangement that would see them agree on a minimal program but leave contested matters

Prompt 3714:
South Africa s ruling African National Congress elects a new party leader to succeed President Jacob Zuma at a conference starting on Saturday . The winner will be favorite to become president of the country

Prompt 3715:
Zimbabwe s political parties want to give voters another two months to sign up for next year s election after political turmoil disrupted the registration process , an opposition official said . The ruling party

Prompt 3716:
Russia has suspended its diplomatic presence in Yemen and all its staff have left the country due to the situation in the capital Sanaa , the RIA news agency cited Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria

Prompt 3717:
An Austrian former finance minister went on trial on Tuesday accused of bribery and embezzlement in one of the biggest corruption cases in the country s recent history . Karl-Heinz Grasser and 15 former high-ranking

Prompt 3718:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson , in remarks later on Tuesday , plans to say that he is optimistic about North Korea denuclearization talks and that there is no role for President Bashar al-Assad

Prompt 3719:
French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting dozens of world leaders along with global companies and movie superstars at a summit in Paris to accelerate efforts to combat climate change . The One Planet summit will

Prompt 3720:
Cuba told senior U.S. officials during talks on migration in Havana on Monday that the U.S. decision to suspend visa processing at its embassy on the island was seriously hampering family relations and other people

Prompt 3721:
President Emmanuel Macron s labor reforms will be slow to bear fruit but eventually have a massive impact on France s stubbornly high unemployment , his labor minister said Tuesday after data showed a slowdown

Prompt 3722:
British Brexit minister David Davis said on Tuesday that he and the European Parliament s negotiator Guy Verohfstadt agreed about the importance of last week s deal between Britain and the EU to move divorce

Prompt 3723:
Demands from the nationalist Danish People s Party ( DF ) that Syrian refugees be sent home as soon as possible are threatening to bring down the country s centre-right minority government . The government

Prompt 3724:
France s government on Tuesday ruled out major concessions towards autonomy sought by Corsica s nationalists after they won a regional election , but said it was open to talks that took account of the

Prompt 3725:
Former militants from bandit units in Syria are now a real threat after the defeat of Islamic State , as many of them may be now planning to return to Russia , the RIA news

Prompt 3726:
The daughter of an Iranian Arab activist killed in the Netherlands last month linked his death to political conflict in the Middle East , and warned other exiles in Europe to be on their guard

Prompt 3727:
Hundreds of thousands of ultra-Orthodox Jews crammed into the streets of a Tel Aviv suburb on Tuesday to mourn a 104-year-old rabbi who had significantly influenced a succession of Israeli coalition governments . Rabbi Aharon

Prompt 3728:
An army colonel in the semi-autonomous Puntland region who also headed the region s bomb disposal unit was killed on Tuesday after a roadside bomb he was defusing exploded , a military official said .

Prompt 3729:
Ruined houses , shell craters and deserted streets - this is a typical scene in the Oktyabrsky district of Donetsk , the largest city of Ukraine s pro-Russian rebel region that bears the same name

Prompt 3730:
A young Chinese climbing enthusiast s fatal fall from a skyscraper while making a selfie video on a $ 15,000 rooftopping dare has spurred warnings by state media against the perils of livestreaming . Wu

Prompt 3731:
The European Union has suspended funding for Cambodia s 2018 general election because the vote can not be credible after the dissolution of the main opposition party , according to a letter sent to the

Prompt 3732:
Russia will offer Turkey partial financing for Ankara s purchase of S-400 surface-to-air missile systems , the Interfax news agency reported on Tuesday , citing a Russian presidential aide . Turkey has been in talks

Prompt 3733:
Tweets by U.S. President Donald Trump are viewed in Moscow as his official position and read by his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin , the Kremlin said on Tuesday . A prolific user of Twitter before

Prompt 3734:
Turkish and Russian officials will meet to finalize Turkey s S-400 surface-to-air missile systems deal in the coming week , Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday . Turkey has been negotiating with Russia to

Prompt 3735:
Indonesian police are hunting for a U.S. citizen who escaped on Monday from an overcrowded prison on the holiday island of Bali by cutting through steel bars in a ceiling , the jail s second

Prompt 3736:
Three judges in Hong Kong s Court of Appeal are set to decide the fate of a former British banker who was jailed for life last year for the murder of two Indonesian women he

Prompt 3737:
A prominent Australian opposition senator , Sam Dastyari , said on Tuesday he would resign from parliament after a series of allegations emerged about his links with Chinese-aligned interests in Australia . Relations between Australia

Prompt 3738:
Japanese F-15 fighters on Tuesday held drills with U.S. B1-B bombers , F-35 stealth aircraft and F-18 multirole combat jets above the East China Sea , south of the Korean peninsula , Japan s Air

Prompt 3739:
The death toll from inter-clan fighting in South Sudan s Great Lakes region last week - a new source of violence in a country devastated by a four-year civil war - has reached at least

Prompt 3740:
No trade takes place between Thailand and North Korea , Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said on Tuesday , ahead of an expected visit by a U.S. envoy seeking to step up pressure on North

Prompt 3741:
Zimbabwe s former president Robert Mugabe has left the country for medical checks in Singapore , his first foreign travel since the army forced him from office last month , a state security official said

Prompt 3742:
Curbing North Korea s nuclear ambitions will top South Korean President Moon Jae-in s agenda in Beijing during a visit this week aimed at breaking the ice after a furious row over Seoul s deployment

Prompt 3743:
China s air force has conducted more island encirclement patrols near Taiwan , its military said on Tuesday , after a senior Chinese diplomat threatened that China would invade the self-ruled island if any U.S.

Prompt 3744:
The wife of a detained former Mexican governor is living in Britain and has demanded back artwork , golf clubs and crystal that were seized by the government , according to a letter obtained by

Prompt 3745:
President Nicolas Maduro has set his sights on Venezuela s 2018 presidential election after the ruling Socialist Party dominated mayoral polls with the help of a partial boycott by a divided opposition . Enjoying a

Prompt 3746:
The U.S. State Department on Monday condemned Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro s threat to ban opposition parties from participating in next year s presidential elections . The Venezuelan people deserve the right to express their

Prompt 3747:
UK Prime Minister Theresa May s conservative party is leading in polls for the first time since the June election , according to a YouGov poll for the Times . Theresa May s advantage over

Prompt 3748:
Prime Minister Theresa May s senior minister will not have to resign over claims that police found pornography on a work computer and that he made an inappropriate sexual advance against a young woman ,

Prompt 3749:
Right-wing heavyweight Xavier Bertrand quit France s main conservative party , The Republicans , on Monday , highlighting the challenges its new chief will face in trying to keep the party together . The move

Prompt 3750:
Prime Minister Theresa May hailed a new sense of optimism in Brexit talks , telling parliament on Monday an agreement to move negotiations on to future trade ties is progress and will reassure those concerned

Prompt 3751:
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu took his case to Europe to ask allies to join the United States in recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital , but met a firm rebuff from EU foreign ministers who

Prompt 3752:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson plans to meet Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau next week for talks on how to address the crisis over North Korea s nuclear weapons program , an Ottawa source

Prompt 3753:
Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital will hasten the country s destruction , Iran s defense minister said on Monday , while a top Revolutionary Guards commander phoned two Palestinian armed

Prompt 3754:
Russia and Turkey agree that a U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel is destabilizing the situation in the Middle East , Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Monday . Speaking in

Prompt 3755:
A Palestinian stabbed an Israeli security guard at Jerusalem s main bus station on Sunday , police said , and violence flared near the U.S. Embassy in Beirut over U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition

Prompt 3756:
Ukrainian opposition figure Mikheil Saakashvili was freed from detention on Monday , after a Ukrainian judge turned down the prosecutors request to place him under house arrest - the latest twist in his dramatic standoff

Prompt 3757:
Mateusz Morawiecki was sworn in as Poland s new prime minister on Monday and European Council President Donald Tusk called on the new leader to pursue European unity . Poland s ruling Law and Justice

Prompt 3758:
Two-thirds of Mexicans reject offering an amnesty to members of criminal gangs as a way of reducing violence in the country , a poll showed on Monday , days after a top leftist presidential candidate

Prompt 3759:
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday intensified efforts to rally Middle Eastern countries against U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital , setting up talks with Arab leaders beginning in Cairo . Abbas met

Prompt 3760:
President Vladimir Putin flew into Syria and ordered a significant part of Moscow s military contingent there to start withdrawing on Monday , declaring their work largely done . Putin , who polls show will

Prompt 3761:
The German Defence Ministry said on Monday that the European fighter jet was the leading candidate to replace its Tornado jets , which it wants to start phasing out in 2025 . The ministry s

Prompt 3762:
Warring sides must let more aid get through to 8.4 million people who are a step away from famine in Yemen , a senior U.N. official said on Monday . A Saudi-led military coalition fighting

Prompt 3763:
Iran will treat a British-Iranian aid worker as an Iranian citizen and she will serve her sentence as determined by the judiciary , Iran s foreign ministry spokesman said on Monday . British Foreign Secretary

Prompt 3764:
Brazil s planning minister on Monday acknowledged the possibility of delaying a key vote on a bill cutting social security spending to 2018 but said its approval would be difficult then , an election year

Prompt 3765:
Top United Nations officials warned the Security Council on Monday that its sanctions on North Korea over the country s nuclear and missile programs may be harming the delivery of humanitarian aid to the impoverished

Prompt 3766:
Saudi Arabia lifted a 35-year-old ban on cinemas on Monday , prompting celebrations from film fans , directors and movie chains eyeing the last untapped mass market in the Middle East . The first theaters

Prompt 3767:
French state-controlled utility EDF ( EDF.PA ) wants to take part in Saudi Arabia s plans to build nuclear power reactors , its chief executive told Reuters on Monday . Saudi Arabia , which wants

Prompt 3768:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives and the centre-left Social Democrats ( SPD ) say they hope to find clarity soon on prospects for a new ruling coalition as they gear up for exploratory talks

Prompt 3769:
Turkish warplanes hit Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) targets in northern Iraq on Monday and killed 29 of the group s militants , Turkey s armed forces said . The PKK fighters were believed

Prompt 3770:
Canada will make an announcement about fighter jets at 1 pm ET ( 1800 GMT ) on Tuesday , a government official said on Monday , declining to give more details . Sources told Reuters

Prompt 3771:
A detained Saudi billionaire who led the collapsed Saad Group is seeking to repay part of a multi-billion dollar debt to creditors under a deal that could allow his release , people familiar with the

Prompt 3772:
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday he urged Iran to release detained dual nationals during a visit to the Islamic Republic . I urged their release , on humanitarian grounds , where there

Prompt 3773:
A Somali television journalist was killed in a car bombing in the capital Mogadishu on Monday , an editor for the TV station and local authorities said . Mohamed Ibrahim Gabow had borrowed the car

Prompt 3774:
Britain s prime minister may be hailing a new sense of optimism in Brexit talks . But David and Iona Stent , who sold their English home three years ago to start anew in the

Prompt 3775:
British police on Monday said they had arrested a man who tried to climb a wall at Queen Elizabeth s Buckingham Palace home in central London , but said that the incident was not terrorism-related

Prompt 3776:
Burundi plans to raise money for an election in 2020 by deducting part of civil servants salaries and taking contributions directly from citizens , a government minister said on Monday , as it seeks to

Prompt 3777:
Romania s lower house of parliament , which is dominated by the ruling Social Democrats , approved a bill on Monday that will change the way magistrates are supervised and which critics say threatens judicial

Prompt 3778:
As she announced in January 2016 that the Philippines would immunize one million children with a new dengue vaccine , the nation s then health secretary Janette Garin boasted it was a world-first and a

Prompt 3779:
Protesters clashed with police trying to reclaim disputed religious artefacts from a museum in Catalonia on Monday , in the latest display of tension between Catalan separatists and Spain s central government ahead of a

Prompt 3780:
The leader of Lebanon s Hezbollah group , Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah , on Monday said the group and its allies in the region would renew their focus on the Palestinian cause after what he called

Prompt 3781:
Russia s military chief warned on Monday that military exercises by Japan , the United States and South Korea aimed at countering North Korea only raise hysteria and create more instability in the region .

Prompt 3782:
Indian police have filed a sexual assault case against an airline passenger after a 17-year-old Bollywood actress said the male passenger had molested her during a New Delhi-Mumbai flight , police said on Monday .

Prompt 3783:
Corsican nationalists said on Monday it was time for talks with Paris on greater autonomy for the French Mediterranean island , after they won nearly two thirds of seats in local elections . Support for

Prompt 3784:
Hungary is not planning to move its Israeli Embassy to Jerusalem , Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Monday , adding that the government s Middle East policy was unchanged . This ( option )

Prompt 3785:
Russian President Vladimir Putin held talks with Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Monday , agreeing to resume civilian flights which Moscow halted more than two years ago after militants bombed a Russian tourist

Prompt 3786:
The British government will grant lawmakers more oversight of the process of severing ties with the European Union , a spokesman for Prime Minister Theresa May said on Monday . The concession , designed to

Prompt 3787:
The European Union will resume political contact at all levels with Thailand , its foreign affairs council said on Monday , after putting relations on hold following a 2014 coup by the Thai military .

Prompt 3788:
Iran s foreign minister on Monday defended its ballistic missile program and urged European countries not to be influenced by U.S. President Donald Trump s confrontational policy towards Tehran . In an op-ed article in

Prompt 3789:
Kuwait replaced its oil , finance and defense ministers in a cabinet reshuffle on Monday , state news agency KUNA reported . Bakhit al-Rashidi was appointed the new oil minister of the OPEC member state

Prompt 3790:
A magnitude 6.0 earthquake hit western Iran on Monday , state media reported . The center of the quake was near the town of Ezgele , but tremors were also felt in Kermanshah , the

Prompt 3791:
A police official defended a unit of the Nigeria Police Force that has been accused of human rights violations , saying many claims of brutality were unfounded and the country needed to be defended against

Prompt 3792:
Emirates and flydubai have resumed using Iraqi airspace for flights to other countries , the Middle East airlines said on Monday , two days after Iraq declared victory in its years-long fight against Islamic state

Prompt 3793:
Last August , Victor Rivera , a 36-year-old unemployed baker , left his hometown in northern Venezuela and made the two-day journey by road to the remote Amazonian city of Boa Vista , Brazil .

Prompt 3794:
Britain said on Monday it would create a new national economic crime center to crack down harder on money laundering by drug dealers and people traffickers who are expected to net 90 billion pounds (

Prompt 3795:
Some mosques in Uzbekistan are starting to broadcast the Muslim call to prayer from loudspeakers for the first time in a decade as they take advantage of a more tolerant official attitude toward Islam since

Prompt 3796:
A Pakistani peace activist has been reported missing over the weekend from eastern city of Lahore , police and one of his friends said on Tuesday . Raza Mehmood Khan , 40 , a member

Prompt 3797:
Russia is ready in principle to resume direct passenger flights to Egypt and an agreement is expected to be signed in the near future , Russian President Vladimir Putin said after meeting Egyptian President Abdel

Prompt 3798:
BAE Systems and Qatar have entered into a contract valued at around 5 billion pounds ( $ 6.7 billion ) for the country to buy 24 Typhoon combat aircraft , the British defense group said

Prompt 3799:
Former Saudi intelligence chief Prince Turki al-Faisal has criticized U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital , in one of the sharpest reactions emanating from the U.S.-allied kingdom . In

Prompt 3800:
A P & O ferry with more than 300 people on board which had run aground in Calais harbor in northern France has been refloated and all passengers have disembarked , a P & O

Prompt 3801:
Bulgaria has asked Russian Aircraft Corporation MiG to overhaul and maintain its 15 aged MiG-29 fighter jets in a four-year deal worth up to 81.3 million levs ( $ 49 million ) , the country

Prompt 3802:
Indonesian anti-terrorism police have detained 18 people with links to militant groups in a bid to cut the risk of attacks during Christmas and the New Year in the world s biggest Muslim-majority country ,

Prompt 3803:
Russia threw its weight behind China s massive Belt and Road plan to build trade and transport links across Asia and beyond , suggesting to India on Monday that it find a way to work

Prompt 3804:
An Indian court on Monday remanded in custody a French journalist for five days after he was arrested in the disputed Kashmir region for filming a documentary without permission and violating visa regulations , police

Prompt 3805:
Reuters photographers witnessed the biggest stories of 2017 from Donald Trump s first year as U.S. president to the flight of Rohingya refugees from Myanmar , from Venezuela s crisis to the fall of Islamic

Prompt 3806:
India s main opposition Congress party on Monday elevated Rahul Gandhi , the scion of the country s most fabled political dynasty , as its president , preparing to challenge the dominance of Prime Minister

Prompt 3807:
Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Egyptian counterpart Abdel Fattah al-Sisi will sign an agreement on Monday about the construction of a nuclear power station in Egypt and supplies of nuclear fuel , according to

Prompt 3808:
The International Criminal Court ( ICC ) said on Monday it would refer Jordan to the U.N. Security Council for failing to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir when he visited Amman in March . The

Prompt 3809:
Vietnam s crackdown on high level corruption has led to the arrest of dozens of officials from state oil firm PetroVietnam and the banking sector . As well as shedding light on graft , mismanagement

Prompt 3810:
U.S.-backed militias in Syria said they have formed a joint military center with the Iraqi army to protect their common border region after ousting Islamic State militants . Commanders of the Syrian Democratic Forces (

Prompt 3811:
An interim Brexit deal struck by Theresa May and the European Commission is not legally binding but the British prime minister has committed her government to honoring a gentlemen s agreement , an EU spokesman

Prompt 3812:
Chinese officials trying to hide dishonest spending with tricks such as throwing extravagant parties in private will be targeted in a sustained campaign to root out hedonism , the top anti-graft watchdog said on Monday

Prompt 3813:
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday asked Congress to extend martial law on the southern island of Mindanao for a year , arguing that Islamist militants have been regrouping since a five-month urban conflict ended

Prompt 3814:
Libyan forces fighting in Benghazi have lost four men and seen 10 wounded so far in December , five months after declaring victory in a campaign to control the eastern city , a medical source

Prompt 3815:
Philippine public officials showed reckless disregard of processes in carrying out a program to immunize hundreds of thousands of children , a senator leading an investigation into the government s use of a new dengue

Prompt 3816:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Monday the United States decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital had made Washington complicit in violence . His comments on the U.S. move have strained fragile relations

Prompt 3817:
Former Macedonian prime minister Nikola Gruevski , head of the opposition rightist VMRO-DPMNE party , resigned on Monday following an election defeat last year and unrest that rocked the small Balkan country in April .

Prompt 3818:
The speaker of Indonesia s parliament , who is being investigated for his suspected involvement in a $ 170 million graft scandal , has tendered his resignation , two members of the assembly said on

Prompt 3819:
The United Nations appealed on Monday to countries worldwide to take in 1,300 mainly African refugees stranded in Libya , many of them mistreated while kept in appalling conditions in detention . Niger has agreed

Prompt 3820:
The Swiss government urged voters on Monday to keep the annual license fee that finances public broadcasters , saying taxpayer money played a crucial role in supporting cultural diversity and political discourse in the media

Prompt 3821:
Ivory Coast will pay thousands of soldiers 15 million CFA francs ( $ 25,782 ) each as part of buy-outs aimed at reducing the size of its unruly and mutiny-prone military , documents showed on

Prompt 3822:
A centre-left party that has no seats in Slovenia s parliament and is led by a former comedian topped an opinion poll published by daily newspaper Delo on Monday , about six months ahead of

Prompt 3823:
South Africa s National Prosecuting Authority ( NPA ) said on Monday it had extended the deadline for President Jacob Zuma to submit arguments on why he should not be prosecuted for corruption . They

Prompt 3824:
Several thousand people marched through central Kiev on Sunday to protest against the detention of Ukrainian opposition figure Mikheil Saakashvili and call for the impeachment of President Petro Poroshenko . Saakashvili , president of his

Prompt 3825:
The situation on the Korean Peninsula risks to move into a hot phase , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned on Monday , the Interfax news agency reported . Lavrov was speaking after a trilateral

Prompt 3826:
Britain intends to prevent a hard border in Ireland after leaving the European Union whatever the outcome of talks with the bloc , UK s Brexit minister said on Monday , saying comments that this

Prompt 3827:
A threat by a senior Chinese diplomat to invade Taiwan the instant any U.S. warship visits the self-ruled island has sparked a war of words , with Taipei accusing Beijing of failing to understand what

Prompt 3828:
The United States , Japan and South Korea will hold two days of missile tracking drills starting on Monday , Japan s Maritime Self-Defence Force said , as tensions rise in the region over North

Prompt 3829:
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte will ask Congress to extend martial law in the volatile southern island of Mindanao to quell an insurgency , cabinet officials said on Sunday . Duterte placed the restive region of

Prompt 3830:
Germany s intelligence service has published the details of social network profiles which it says are fronts faked by Chinese intelligence to gather personal information about German officials and politicians . The BfV domestic intelligence

Prompt 3831:
Hardline Muslim groups in Indonesia burned photos of U.S. President Donald Trump , as well as U.S. and Israeli flags , on Monday during a protest outside the U.S. embassy against Trump s decision to

Prompt 3832:
German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said there was no place for anti-Semitism in Germany after demonstrators angered by U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel burned Israeli flags

Prompt 3833:
A Bahraini civil society group has defended sending a delegation to Israel as a gesture of tolerance and coexistence , state news agency BNA has reported , after news of the visit sparked wide anger

Prompt 3834:
China s prosecutor began on Monday formal legal proceedings against disgraced senior politician Sun Zhengcai , once considered a contender for top leadership , who has been accused of corruption and other crimes . Sun

Prompt 3835:
Venezuela s ruling Socialist Party won at least 90 percent of the 335 mayorships contested in Sunday s local elections , President Nicolas Maduro said on Sunday . According to the national election board s

Prompt 3836:
The candidate for Venezuela s ruling Socialist Party , Omar Prieto , won the governorship of western Zulia state with 57 percent of the ballots in a rerun of an October vote , election authorities

Prompt 3837:
The leader of the group that won this year s Nobel Peace Prize on Sunday urged nuclear nations to adopt a United Nations treaty banning atomic weapons in order to prevent the end of us

Prompt 3838:
Australian media reports on Chinese interference in Australia are racist and paranoid , China s top newspaper said on Monday , stepping up a war of words over concerns in Australia about Chinese influence in

Prompt 3839:
The Syrian army and Iranian-backed militias backed by Russian air power stepped up a military campaign against rebels in eastern Hama province in a push towards the rebel stronghold of Idlib province in northwestern Syria

Prompt 3840:
Three people were arrested early on Sunday after an attempted arson attack at a synagogue in the Swedish city of Gothenburg , prosecutors said . There were no reports of injuries and the fire did

Prompt 3841:
An Iraqi military parade in Baghdad s heavily fortified Green Zone celebrated final victory over Islamic State on Sunday , with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi looking on as troops marched in formation , their bodies

Prompt 3842:
The United States is committed to helping Iraq recover from three years of war against Islamic State despite President Donald Trump cutting the foreign aid budget , a senior official in its main government aid

Prompt 3843:
There is no reason to suspect that two bags of bullets found near a Christmas market and mosque in western Berlin have anything to do with terrorism and the find was related neither to the

Prompt 3844:
Honduras electoral tribunal said on Sunday that a partial recount of votes from the disputed presidential election showed broadly the same result as previously , giving the lead to current President Juan Orlando Hernandez .

Prompt 3845:
Mexican opposition leader Ricardo Anaya said on Sunday he would seek to win the presidency in a left-right alliance after stepping down as head of the conservative National Action Party ( PAN ) . Anaya

Prompt 3846:
In his first seven months in office , President Emmanuel Macron has faced little opposition . But on Sunday , the once-dominant Republicans , now the biggest opposition party in parliament , elected a new

Prompt 3847:
The White House said on Sunday it was unfortunate that Palestinians were declining to meet with Vice President Mike Pence during an upcoming trip to the region in the aftermath of President Donald Trump s

Prompt 3848:
Thousands of Romanians rallied in the capital Bucharest and other cities on Sunday , protesting against plans by the ruling Social Democrats ( PSD ) to overhaul the country s judicial system which is seen

Prompt 3849:
Kenya s opposition said on Sunday it had postponed plans to swear in its leader Raila Odinga as an alternative president , easing political tensions and opening a window for possible talks with the government

Prompt 3850:
French President Emmanuel Macron told Israel s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday that he needed to make gestures to the Palestinians to enable to break the impasse between the two sides . Netanyayu was

Prompt 3851:
Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has invited Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to Cairo on Monday to discuss U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital , a presidential statement said

Prompt 3852:
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson held almost an hour of talks with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Sunday after flying to Tehran to seek the release of a jailed British-Iranian aid worker . Both spoke

Prompt 3853:
Britain is aiming to secure a comprehensive free trade deal with the European Union and wants it to be signed shortly after it leaves the bloc in 2019 , Brexit minister David Davis said on

Prompt 3854:
Britain has two proposals on how to secure a frictionless border with EU member Ireland after Brexit , a new customs partnership or a highly streamlined approach to customs , Northern Ireland minister James Brokenshire

Prompt 3855:
More than 300 Baloch separatist militants have surrendered over the past few months , Pakistani government officials said , after a ceremony to mark the downing of guns and militants return to civilian life .

Prompt 3856:
Decisions made at the approaching meeting of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation ( OIC ) will show that U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as the Israeli capital will not be easy to implement , Turkish President

Prompt 3857:
Former Nepali prime minister K.P . Oli on Sunday looked set for a return to power after winning his seat in parliament and his Communist UML party and Maoist allies on course to win a

Prompt 3858:
Catalonia s independence movement could suffer a serious setback in elections this month , according to a poll published on Sunday , which suggests separatist parties will narrowly fail to secure a majority in the

Prompt 3859:
Lebanese security forces fired tear gas and water canons at protesters near the U.S. Embassy in Lebanon on Sunday during a demonstration against President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of

Prompt 3860:
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will not meet U.S. Vice President Mike Pence during Pence s visit to the region this month in a snub over the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital ,

Prompt 3861:
Since Iraqi forces pushed the Kurds out of the Yazidis mountainous heartland of Sinjar in northern Iraq in October , residents are wondering what could happen to them next . Food and money are in

Prompt 3862:
Pope Francis on Sunday called on world leaders to work in favor of nuclear disarmament to protect human rights , particularly those of weaker and underprivileged people . The pontiff said that there was a

Prompt 3863:
Israeli forces on Sunday destroyed a significant cross-border attack tunnel from the Gaza Strip , which the military said was being dug by the enclave s dominant Islamist group , Hamas . The announcement ,

Prompt 3864:
Yemen s Houthi group has buried the body of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh in Sanaa , allowing only a handful of relatives to attend , sources from his General People s Congress (

Prompt 3865:
The Syrian government s delegation returned to Geneva on Sunday for the resumption of talks with United Nations mediator Staffan de Mistura after more than a week s absence , but Western diplomats voiced scepticism

Prompt 3866:
U.S President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital could provide a lifeline to militants after the setbacks they suffered this year , the de facto leader of the United Arab

Prompt 3867:
Thousands protested outside the U.S. Embassy in the Indonesian capital on Sunday against U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , many waving banners saying Palestine is in our

Prompt 3868:
Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Sunday he hoped the violence that erupted in Palestinian protests against President Donald Trump s decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel s capital was abating . Our hope

Prompt 3869:
A Japanese man wielding a sword killed his sister , a Shinto priestess , on the grounds of a Tokyo shrine , then stabbed his wife to death before committing suicide , police and media

Prompt 3870:
Arab foreign ministers late on Saturday urged the United States to abandon its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , saying the move would increase violence throughout the region . The announcement by

Prompt 3871:
Arab foreign ministers on Sunday urged the United States to abandon its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , saying the move would increase violence throughout the region . The announcement by President

Prompt 3872:
Senior members of German Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on Saturday rejected the vision for a United States of Europe put forward by the Social Democrats ( SPD ) , with whom they are hoping

Prompt 3873:
Thousands of Israelis protested in Tel Aviv on Saturday for the second consecutive week against government corruption and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who is under criminal investigation over allegations of abuse of office .

Prompt 3874:
Argentina blocked two European activists from entering the country on the eve of the World Trade Organization s ministerial meeting in Buenos Aires , the two told a local radio program on Saturday . Sally

Prompt 3875:
Two minor tremors were detected on Saturday from near North Korea s nuclear test site and were probably aftershocks from the country s massive nuclear test in early September , a U.S. Geological Survey official

Prompt 3876:
United Nations officials have found that missiles fired at Saudi Arabia by Yemen s Houthi rebels appear to have a common origin , but they are still investigating U.S. and Saudi claims that Iran supplied

Prompt 3877:
The centrist Brazilian Social Democracy Party , or PSDB , elected four-time Sao Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin as its leader on Saturday , making him its most likely presidential nominee in next year s elections

Prompt 3878:
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson flew to Tehran on Saturday to seek the release of a jailed British-Iranian aid worker . The Foreign Office said Johnson spoke frankly with his Iranian counterpart Javad Zarif about

Prompt 3879:
Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski acknowledged that he worked as a financial adviser for an irrigation project owned by the Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ ODBES.UL ] on Saturday , contradicting his previous denials of having

Prompt 3880:
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared final victory over Islamic State on Saturday after Iraqi forces drove its last remnants from the country , three years after the militant group captured about a third of Iraq

Prompt 3881:
Norway s Liberal Party will launch formal negotiations to join the right-wing cabinet of Prime Minister Erna Solberg , it said on Saturday , although the government would still be ruling in a minority even

Prompt 3882:
Britain s foreign minister Boris Johnson is expected to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Sunday to discuss bilateral and regional issues , a UK Foreign Office official said on Saturday . Johnson held talks

Prompt 3883:
Vietnam s state-run news agency apologized on Saturday for issuing what it said was a false report that two more officials of state energy firm PetroVietnam were to be prosecuted over financial losses . The

Prompt 3884:
Hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists on Saturday staged a protest in Paris against Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s planned visit to France on Sunday . Protestors carried Palestinian flags and photos of French President Emmanuel

Prompt 3885:
The head of an Iran-backed Iraqi Shi ite militia has visited Lebanon s border with Israel accompanied by Hezbollah fighters , a video released on Saturday showed , in a show of Iranian influence that

Prompt 3886:
Libya s U.N.-backed government agreed with Italy on Saturday to establish a joint operations room for tackling migrant smugglers and traffickers as part of efforts to curb migrant flows toward Europe , according to a

Prompt 3887:
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will not meet U.S. Vice President Mike Pence during his visit to the region and there will be no communication between U.S. and Palestinian officials Foreign Minister Riyad Al-Maliki said on

Prompt 3888:
Russia said on Saturday it was fully committed to a Cold War-era pact with the United States banning intermediate-range cruise missiles , a day after Washington accused Moscow of violating the treaty . The U.S.

Prompt 3889:
A survivor of the Hiroshima atomic bombing and the leader of the group that won this year s Nobel Peace Prize on Saturday urged the United States and North Korea to tone down their rhetoric

Prompt 3890:
Turkey s Tayyip Erdogan and France s Emmanuel Macron will work together to try to persuade the United States to reconsider its decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , a Turkish presidential

Prompt 3891:
Egypt s Coptic Church has rejected a meeting requested by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence during his visit later this month in protest against Washington s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital ,

Prompt 3892:
Lecturers in Kenya s public universities ended a strike on Saturday after reaching agreement with the government over pay and other issues , according to a statement from their union . They had gone on

Prompt 3893:
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel on Saturday denied a report that said the Social Democrat , whose party has agreed to enter talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a coalition , was

Prompt 3894:
British voters will be able to change the terms of the country s relationship with the European Union after leaving the bloc if they don t like the final Brexit deal , senior cabinet minister

Prompt 3895:
Zimbabwe has named a former diplomat as the head of its intelligence agency , state-owned newspaper The Herald said on Saturday . Isaac Moyo , who was serving as an ambassador to neighboring South Africa

Prompt 3896:
A senior United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) official said on Saturday that U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel was a boon to extremists . These issues

Prompt 3897:
The designated Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis said that the European Union should not push Czechs over their refusal to shelter asylum-seekers , because it could strengthen extremist parties in the country . The European

Prompt 3898:
At least two people were killed in clashes with Israeli troops on Friday when thousands of Palestinians demonstrated against U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital and the Palestinian president

Prompt 3899:
Honduras two main opposition parties on Friday presented formal requests to annul the results of the still-unresolved presidential election , deepening a political crisis that has roiled the poor , violent Central American nation .

Prompt 3900:
Tens of thousands of Indians voted in the first stage of assembly elections in the western state of Gujarat on Saturday , where Prime Minister Narendra Modi faces his toughest electoral test since coming to

Prompt 3901:
A leftist alliance between Nepal s former Maoist rebels and moderate communists appeared to be heading for a victory in elections aimed at completing a transition to democracy after the abolition of the monarchy and

Prompt 3902:
Vietnamese police on Friday arrested a former top Communist Party official suspected of misconduct while he was chairman of the main state energy firm , the first former politburo member to face prosecution in decades

Prompt 3903:
Mexico s newest political force formally emerged on Friday when a right-left coalition presented its official request with the electoral institute to compete in next year s presidential election . The coalition , known as

Prompt 3904:
Britain , France , Germany , Sweden and Italy called on the United States on Friday to put forward detailed proposals for peace between Israel and the Palestinians and described as unhelpful a decision by

Prompt 3905:
The U.S. envoy for North Korea will travel to Japan and Thailand next week to discuss how to increase pressure on Pyongyang after its latest ballistic missile test , the U.S. State Department said on

Prompt 3906:
U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman , who visited North Korea this week , expressed willingness to ease tension on the Korean peninsula , state media said on Saturday , amid a rising war of

Prompt 3907:
Japanese police arrested three crew of a North Korean boat on Saturday for stealing a generator from a hut on an uninhabited island , public broadcaster NHK said , the latest drama amid increasing arrivals

Prompt 3908:
Uber Technologies Inc and a woman who accused top executives of improperly obtaining her medical records after a company driver raped her in India have agreed to settle a civil lawsuit the woman filed against

Prompt 3909:
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on Friday asked Senate lawmakers to include civil society s views in their discussion of a divisive bill that critics say would give the military greater powers and deepen its

Prompt 3910:
The United States has warned Saudi Arabia that concern in Congress over the humanitarian situation in Yemen could constrain U.S. assistance , as it pushed Riyadh to allow greater access for humanitarian aid , a

Prompt 3911:
Ukrainian police recaptured the former president of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili on Friday , prompting further protests in central Kiev by his supporters who freed him from police custody earlier this week . The development is

Prompt 3912:
The United States has warned Saudi Arabia that anger in Congress over the humanitarian situation in Yemen could constrain U.S. assistance , as it pushed Riyadh to allow great access for humanitarian aid , a

Prompt 3913:
The populist Danish People s Party ( DF ) , upon whose support the minority government depends to pass laws , gave its backing on Friday to a fiscal budget for 2018 but one of

Prompt 3914:
The United States is reviewing military options , including new intermediate-range cruise missile systems , in response to what it says is Russia s ongoing violation of a Cold War-era pact banning such missiles ,

Prompt 3915:
Suspected Ugandan rebels killed at least 15 Tanzanian U.N. peacekeepers and wounded 53 others in a raid on a base in Congo that U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Friday called the worst attack on the

Prompt 3916:
Israel s military said its aircraft bombed militant targets in Gaza on Friday and the Palestinian Health Ministry said at least 25 people were wounded in the strikes , including six children . The Israeli

Prompt 3917:
The Maldives government signed a free trade agreement with China during a visit to Beijing by its leader , Abdulla Yameen , it said on Friday , despite criticism from the opposition over the speed

Prompt 3918:
Brazilian President Michel Temer accepted the resignation on Friday of his minister of political affairs , whose party is abandoning the ruling coalition to ready for the 2018 election . Antonio Imbassahy of the Brazilian

Prompt 3919:
Polish lawmakers approved an overhaul of the judiciary on Friday , giving parliament de facto control over the selection of judges in defiance of the European Union . The legislation , if agreed by the

Prompt 3920:
Saudi Arabia pulled no punches when it condemned President Donald Trump s move to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . But Palestinian officials say Riyadh has also been working for weeks behind the

Prompt 3921:
A celebrated Cameroonian writer who wrote a piece critical of the government s handling of a separatist crisis in its Anglophone region was detained at Douala airport on Thursday , his wife and lawyer said

Prompt 3922:
Bulgaria s Foreign Ministry said on Friday any discussion about a revision of the treaty defining the borders of its neighbors Greece and Turkey would not help stability in the region . The statement comes

Prompt 3923:
Poland s lower house of parliament on Friday approved changes to the country s National Judiciary Council , a part of a broader overhaul of the courts system pushed by the ruling conservatives . Under

Prompt 3924:
The United States can not broker the Israeli-Palestinian peace process , Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Friday , in response to President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital . We

Prompt 3925:
Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erekat told Al Jazeera TV on Friday that the Palestinians will not talk to the United States until President Donald Trump has reversed his decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s

Prompt 3926:
Poland will continue fighting tax evasion , allowing the government to keep public debt in check and finance its public spending agenda , Prime Minister-designate Mateusz Morawiecki said on Friday . He also told the

Prompt 3927:
Sri Lanka s parliament approved on Friday a raft of tax concessions for a Chinese-led joint venture which will handle the southern port of Hambantota under a $ 1.1 billion deal that has sparked public

Prompt 3928:
South Africa s High Court ruled on Friday that President Jacob Zuma s appointment of a state prosecutor to decide whether to reinstate corruption charges against him was not valid and should be set aside

Prompt 3929:
The United States still has credibility as a mediator with both Israel and the Palestinians , U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Friday after President Donald Trump s decision earlier

Prompt 3930:
The U.S. military said on Friday it carried out airstrikes on Nov. 20 in Yemen s al Bayda province that killed five militants from al Qaeda s affiliate there , including Mujahid al-Adani , whom

Prompt 3931:
A senior member of Germany s Social Democrats ( SPD ) said her party would start talks next week with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a governing coalition , a move that could

Prompt 3932:
France said on Friday the United States had sidelined itself in the Middle East by recognizing Jerusalem as Israel s capital , but the EU s top diplomat insisted Washington remains a mediator as Europe

Prompt 3933:
The Islamist group Hamas urged Palestinians on Thursday to abandon peace efforts and launch a new uprising against Israel in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as its capital . Palestinian

Prompt 3934:
Venezuelans vote on Sunday in nationwide mayoral polls boycotted by major opposition parties and likely to help leftist President Nicolas Maduro consolidate power ahead of a probable 2018 re-election bid . After withstanding massive street

Prompt 3935:
Pope Francis lamented the decay and degradation of Rome on Friday , using a traditional prayer on a national feast day to highlight problems such as environmental blight and corruption in the Italian capital .

Prompt 3936:
The European Commission said on Friday that enough progress had been made in Brexit negotiations to allow a second phase of talks on future relations to begin . The following is a summary of a

Prompt 3937:
British opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn said on Friday he wanted to see much more information about the Brexit divorce deal struck between Prime Minister Theresa May s government and the European Commission . May sealed

Prompt 3938:
In his first seven months in office , President Emmanuel Macron has faced little opposition . But come Sunday , the once-dominant Republicans elect a new leader they hope might recover the party s voice

Prompt 3939:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Friday questioned some of Saudi Arabia s recent moves in the Middle East , suggesting it should consider its actions more carefully , a rare rebuke when Washington

Prompt 3940:
Ukraine s neighbors have a right to criticize a new Ukrainian law banning schools from teaching in minority languages beyond primary school level , a leading European rights watchdog said on Friday . Ukraine has

Prompt 3941:
The Swiss government proposed on Friday allowing house arrest for people seen as posing a security threat even if they are not suspected of a specific crime . The step is part of an anti-terrorism

Prompt 3942:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan gave out toy cars and dolls to children on the final leg of a visit to Greece on Friday , a trip meant to boost ties but which has exposed the

Prompt 3943:
At least 45 people have died in fighting between ethnic groups in South Sudan s northern state of Western Lakes , a local official said , in a new source of violence in a country

Prompt 3944:
Britain and the European Union struck a divorce deal on Friday that paves the way for arduous talks on future trade ties , easing immediate pressure on Prime Minister Theresa May and boosting hopes of

Prompt 3945:
One of Egypt s top Muslim leaders , the Imam of Al Azhar mosque , rejected a meeting requested by U.S. Vice President Mike Pence in protest against a U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as

Prompt 3946:
Hundreds of Iranians took part in rallies across the country on Friday to condemn U.S. President Donald Trump s decision this week to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , state TV reported . Leaders

Prompt 3947:
The U.N. migration agency called on social media giants on Friday to make it harder for people smugglers to use their platforms to lure West African migrants to Libya where they can face detention ,

Prompt 3948:
Poland s President Andrzej Duda designated Finance Minister Mateusz Morawiecki as the country s new prime minister after Beata Szydlo tendered her resignation . The ruling conservative Law and Justice ( PiS ) party decided

Prompt 3949:
Britain s agreement with the European Union over key Brexit terms still leaves major issues like freedom of movement undecided , some campaigners said on Friday . Prime Minister Theresa May and EU Commission President

Prompt 3950:
Argentina s President Mauricio Macri has pushed out the chief prosecutor , argued for federal judges to be fired and is planning judicial reforms as charges pile up against his predecessor s government . Macri

Prompt 3951:
Russia has communication channels with North Korea open and Moscow is ready to exert its influence on Pyongyang , Interfax news agency quoted Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov as saying on Tuesday . We

Prompt 3952:
Zimbabwe Electoral Commission ( ZEC ) chairwoman Rita Makarau resigned on Friday , months before a vote whose credibility is crucial to the new army-backed government s efforts to re-engage international lenders and lure investors

Prompt 3953:
World powers attempted to shore up Lebanon s stability on Friday by pushing Saudi Arabia and Iran to stop interfering in its politics and urging Hezbollah to rein in its regional activities . Lebanon plunged

Prompt 3954:
A day before they killed Yemen s former president , gunmen from the Iran-aligned Houthi militia group overran one of Ali Abdullah Saleh s fortified compounds in Sanaa . Ransacking the villa , they snapped

Prompt 3955:
Brazilian President Michel Temer said on Friday that the pension reform bill that is indispensable to reduce the nation s budget deficit must be voted on this year in the lower house of Congress before

Prompt 3956:
Britain s Theresa May won a temporary reprieve from rival factions within her own party on Friday by striking a overnight agreement with the European Union that some business leaders hope will increase prospects of

Prompt 3957:
Iranian Defence Minister Amir Hatami plans to visit Russia soon , the RIA news agency reported on Friday , citing a source at the Iranian defense ministry . He is expected to hold talks with

Prompt 3958:
An Israeli cabinet minister said on Friday the phrasing of U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital suggested an openness to eventual Palestinian control of part of the city ,

Prompt 3959:
Israeli soldiers shot dead a Palestinian man on Friday near the Gaza border in clashes over U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital , the Palestinian Health Ministry said .

Prompt 3960:
Russian President Vladimir Putin will make an official visit to Turkey on Monday , Dec. 11 , to discuss developments in Syria and Jerusalem with Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan , Turkish presidential sources said on

Prompt 3961:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday that the recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital by the United States runs counter to common sense . This announcement runs counter to common sense ,

Prompt 3962:
Hungary s main opposition Jobbik party has launched a crowd funding campaign to raise money for a state audit authority fine that it said could cripple it in the run-up to 2018 elections . Hungarians

Prompt 3963:
Britain s opposition Labour party wants a close relationship with the rest of Europe after Brexit , Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn told an audience at the United Nations in Geneva on Friday . We want

Prompt 3964:
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko denied on Friday interfering with the work of law enforcement bodies investigating corruption and he urged such agencies to refrain from playing politics . Ukrainian authorities this week have faced accusations

Prompt 3965:
Peace and stability must be restored in Myanmar s northern Rakhine state before any Rohingyas can return from Bangladesh , under international standards on voluntary repatriation , the United Nations refugee agency ( UNHCR )

Prompt 3966:
Bahrain s top Shi ite Muslim cleric underwent surgery on Friday , activists said , after he was hospitalized following months under virtual house arrest . News of Ayatollah Isa Qassim s fragile health has

Prompt 3967:
Serbia has embarked on a pro-European course but it has no plans to join the NATO defence alliance , the TASS news agency on Friday cited Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic as saying in an interview

Prompt 3968:
Vietnamese police on Friday arrested a former top Communist Party official suspected of misconduct while he was chairman of the main state energy firm , the first former politburo member to face prosecution in decades

Prompt 3969:
The European Union should be ready to start negotiating details of a post-Brexit transition period with Britain early in the new year , a senior EU official said on Friday , but talks on future

Prompt 3970:
The Venice Commission , a panel of constitutional law experts of the human rights body Council of Europe , said on Friday that Poland s proposed court overhaul poses serious risks to all parts of

Prompt 3971:
Thousands of protesters in Muslim-majority countries in Asia rallied on Friday to condemn the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , as authorities tightened security outside U.S. embassies . Leaders in Indonesia

Prompt 3972:
Venezuela s critical medicine shortage has spurred medical flea markets , where peddlers offer everything from antibiotics to contraceptives laid out among the traditional fruits and vegetables . The crisis-wrought Latin American nation is heaving

Prompt 3973:
A Dutch businessman convicted in April of selling weapons to ex-Liberian president and warlord Charles Taylor was arrested in South Africa on a Dutch warrant , officials said on Friday . Blood timber trader Guus

Prompt 3974:
Britain and the European Union struck a divorce deal on Friday that paves the way for talks on trade , easing pressure on Prime Minister Theresa May and boosting hopes of an orderly Brexit .

Prompt 3975:
World powers sent a clear message on Friday that the Lebanese policy of staying out of regional affairs should be adhered to and that foreign governments should not interfere in the country s politics ,

Prompt 3976:
Ten people went on trial in Germany on Friday for alleged failures in planning the Love Parade music festival in 2010 when 21 people were killed and more than 650 injured in a stampede .

Prompt 3977:
A high-level defector from Kurdish-led forces that captured the Syrian city of Raqqa from Islamic State has recanted his account of the city s fall , saying thousands of IS fighters - many more than

Prompt 3978:
Germany regards Friday s joint report on progress made in the negotiations on Britain s departure from the European Union as a step forward but believes much work remains even if the initial stage of

Prompt 3979:
Two U.S. B-1B heavy bombers joined large-scale combat drills over South Korea on Thursday amid warnings from North Korea that the exercises and U.S. threats have made the outbreak of war an established fact .

Prompt 3980:
The United Nations aviation agency is not considering the creation of a no-fly zone around North Korea because the direction of Pyongyang s tests are not predictable , two sources familiar with the organization s

Prompt 3981:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday that military drills held by the United States and South Korea seemed to have aimed at provoking North Korea to hold more missile tests . He also

Prompt 3982:
Born and raised in Japan , three North Korean soccer players are expecting to face boos from the home crowd in a match that comes less than two weeks after the latest North Korean test

Prompt 3983:
The future free trade agreement between the European Union and Britain will have to be along the same lines as the one the EU has with Canada , the EU s chief Brexit negotiation Michel

Prompt 3984:
A Zimbabwean court has postponed to Jan. 4 the trial of a U.S. citizen accused of attempting to undermine the authority of former Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe s government . Martha O Donovan , 25

Prompt 3985:
China said on Friday it had lodged a complaint with Australia after its prime minister , Malcolm Turnbull , said he took reports very seriously that China s Communist Party had sought to interfere in

Prompt 3986:
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson , who spearheaded the campaign for Britain to leave the European Union , congratulated Prime Minister Theresa May on agreeing a divorce deal with the EU to move Brexit talks

Prompt 3987:
China on Friday warned its nationals in Pakistan of plans for a series of imminent terrorist attacks on Chinese targets there , an unusual alert as it pours funds into infrastructure projects into a country

Prompt 3988:
Malaysia s ruling party united behind scandal-tainted Prime Minister Najib Razak as he prepares for a general election due by August by deciding on Friday that he could stand unopposed in a party leadership contest

Prompt 3989:
The European Union s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Friday it was not possible to put a concrete figure on the amount of money Britain will have to pay the EU upon exiting

Prompt 3990:
Vietnam s government has promised a full review of charges at a toll gate on a new road after protests there posed a rare challenge to the Communist authorities and showed signs of spreading .

Prompt 3991:
Britain will honor all its financial obligations to the European Union as part of its divorce bill , but the payments will not be required any earlier than if Britain had remained an EU member

Prompt 3992:
French President Emmanuel Macron called on all foreign powers to stop interfering in Lebanese politics and urged all Lebanese sides to fully implement a pact to keep out of regional conflicts . For Lebanon to

Prompt 3993:
Japan is to acquire medium-range , air-launched cruise missiles , capable of striking North Korea , a controversial purchase of what will become the longest-range munitions of a country that has renounced the right to

Prompt 3994:
The Brexit transition period of around two years envisaged in EU draft guidelines on Friday is a decent amount of time but a longer period could be needed to ratify a future trade deal ,

Prompt 3995:
Britain s withdrawal agreement from the European Union must be ready by October , the bloc s Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Friday as London and the 27 remaining states sealed a deal to

Prompt 3996:
British minister Michael Gove , an influential pro-Brexit voice in Prime Minister Theresa May s cabinet , gave his support on Friday to a deal announced in Brussels to move negotiations forward . This is

Prompt 3997:
The Vatican needs to bring cases of suspected money laundering to trial , a European finance watchdog urged on Friday , saying the good progress made by its financial regulators needed to be matched by

Prompt 3998:
Common sense is prevailing in Brexit negotiations between Britain and the European Union , France s foreign minister said on Friday , as he welcomed signs that talks were moving into a new phase after

Prompt 3999:
The head of the International Monetary Fund , Christine Lagarde , said she had a constructive phone call with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko late on Thursday in which she urged him to speed up the

Prompt 4000:
Brexit minister David Davis said Britain had taken a big step forward in delivering the country s departure from the European Union on Friday , commenting on a deal with the EU Commission to move

Prompt 4001:
The chairman of European Union leaders , Donald Tusk , said the bloc is ready to start negotiating a transition period with Britain after it leaves the EU , and it wanted more clarity from

Prompt 4002:
The divorce deal agreed by London and Brussels on Friday is a boost to the British economy , finance minister Philip Hammond said on Friday , as he urged both sides to now move on

Prompt 4003:
Scotland s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said that if Britain is leaving the European Union then single market and customs union membership were the only sensible option , adding that now the negotiations would move

Prompt 4004:
The Brexit agreement on the Irish border that assures Northern Ireland will remain aligned with the European Union s customs union and single market puts a floor under what is possible in negotiations on trade

Prompt 4005:
Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage said Britain was now ready to move on to the next stage of humiliation after Prime Minister Theresa May agreed the terms of Britain s divorce from the European Union .

Prompt 4006:
Russia s Foreign Ministry said on Friday it was ready for talks with the United States to try to keep a landmark arms control treaty that helped end the Cold War alive and that Moscow

Prompt 4007:
British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday she would continue to govern in the interests of all Northern Ireland and uphold the agreement that ended decades of sectarian violence in the province . The

Prompt 4008:
Britain and the European Union have agreed on the three key divorce issues of a financial settlement , citizens rights and how to avoid a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland after Britain leaves

Prompt 4009:
The agreement reached by Brexit negotiators early on Friday fully guarantees that there can be no hard border on the island of Ireland once Britain leaves the European Union , Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney

Prompt 4010:
Britain will maintain full alignment after Brexit with the European Union s single market and customs union rules that support peace , cooperation and economy on the island of Ireland , an agreement between the

Prompt 4011:
European Union chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker said on Friday that Brexit talks would move on to the second phase to talk about trade after he judged that sufficient progress had been made on the divorce

Prompt 4012:
Britain has made substantive changes to its proposed text for a deal with the European Union , the leader of Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party said on Friday as Prime Minister Theresa May arrived

Prompt 4013:
Martin Selmayr , a top aide to the head of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker , signaled on Friday there was an agreement on Britain s divorce terms with the EU by tweeting a picture

Prompt 4014:
British foreign minister Boris Johnson will travel to Iran on Saturday to lobby counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif for the release of jailed Iranian-British aid worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe . The trip will be only the third

Prompt 4015:
Honduras election tribunal will re-count 4,753 ballot boxes that have cast a shadow on the results of the country s presidential election , the tribunal chief said on Thursday , bowing to a demand by

Prompt 4016:
Japan s Oxford-educated crown prince , Naruhito , looks set to bring a more global outlook to the ancient imperial institution while carrying on Emperor Akihito s legacy of promoting peace and reconciliation with Asia

Prompt 4017:
The United Kingdom and Ireland could reach agreement in hours on how to run their post-Brexit Irish land border , paving the way for a deal that would remove the last obstacle to opening free-trade

Prompt 4018:
Britain s Prime Minister Theresa May and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker may meet early on Friday to reach a deal on the Irish border after Brexit , a Commission spokesman said on Thursday .

Prompt 4019:
Brexit negotiators in Brussels , Dublin and London are working on a new text on the post-Brexit Irish land border with Northern Ireland that might be modified somewhat from a version that was almost agreed

Prompt 4020:
Thousands of Tunisians protested in several cities on Thursday against U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital and decision to move the U.S. Embassy there , residents said . Labor

Prompt 4021:
When President Donald Trump told the Palestinian president of his intention to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , he assured him a peace plan being put together would please the Palestinians , officials said

Prompt 4022:
This remote town in Peru s southern Andes was supposed to serve as a model for how companies can help communities uprooted by mining . Named Nueva Fuerabamba , it was built to house around

Prompt 4023:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will meet Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri in Paris on Friday , the State Department said in a statement on Thursday . The two will meet during a ministerial

Prompt 4024:
China has jailed 21 people for their roles in a deadly fire that killed 39 elderly people at a private nursing home two years ago , state-run Xinhua news agency reported on Friday . Xinhua

Prompt 4025:
A battle between Brazilian private college operator Estacio Participacoes SA and the country s professors arrived in the courts on Thursday , as unions and students protested against the company s recent move to fire

Prompt 4026:
A federal judge in Argentina indicted former President Cristina Fernandez for treason and asked for her arrest for allegedly covering up Iran s possible role in the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center that

Prompt 4027:
Brazil s President Michel Temer has agreed with congressional leaders to delay a key vote on pension legislation in the lower house until the week of Dec. 18 , the speaker of the body ,

Prompt 4028:
A Western-backed Saudi-led coalition scored its first major gains in Yemen since former President Ali Abdullah Saleh was killed on Monday when local fighters captured an area on the Red Sea coast from Houthi rebels

Prompt 4029:
Dawn hues of pink and purple reveal a dusty valley in Bangladesh s southern hills quilted with a dense settlement of red tents home to more than 230 women and children grieving for lost husbands

Prompt 4030:
Poland s ruling conservatives named in an expected move Finance Minister Mateusz Morawiecki as the country s new prime minister on Thursday as they gear up for a series of elections in the coming years

Prompt 4031:
Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said on Thursday that authorities leading an expanding graft investigation into Brazilian builder Odebrecht had gone too far by raiding the offices of the rightwing opposition party that rules Congress

Prompt 4032:
The white former policeman caught on video shooting an unarmed black man in the back after a 2015 traffic stop in South Carolina was sentenced on Thursday to 20 years in prison , with a

Prompt 4033:
Nearly 50,000 people marched through Brussels European quarter on Thursday in support of Catalan independence and the region s ousted president , who has avoided arrest in Spain by taking refuge in Belgium . Before

Prompt 4034:
Liberia s supreme court cleared the way for a presidential run-off election , ruling on Thursday that it had not found enough evidence of fraud to halt the whole process . Ex-soccer star George Weah

Prompt 4035:
Libya s internationally recognized government has appealed to the United States to drop or ease a travel ban imposed on its citizens by U.S. President Donald Trump , the Foreign Ministry said on Thursday .

Prompt 4036:
Arabs and Muslims across the Middle East on Wednesday condemned the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital as an incendiary move in a volatile region and Palestinians said Washington was abandoning its leading

Prompt 4037:
Ukrainian lawmakers on Thursday shelved a draft law that critics say would have undermined the independence of anti-corruption institutions , which Ukraine s foreign backers this week said were under attack from vested interests .

Prompt 4038:
Britain said on Thursday that talks about moving the Brexit process forward were ongoing after Prime Minister Theresa May spoke to Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker . The Prime

Prompt 4039:
The Israeli military said on Thursday that an aircraft and a tank had targeted two posts belonging to militants in the Gaza Strip after three rockets were launched at Israel . Sirens sounded in Israel

Prompt 4040:
The White House said on Thursday it believed that Saudi Arabia would allow a blocked port in Yemen to open after President Donald Trump urged Riyadh to lift a blockade to let humanitarian aid reach

Prompt 4041:
Greece and Turkey squared up over old disputes on Thursday during a state visit to Athens by President Tayyip Erdogan that quickly descended into verbal sparring over a list of historical grievances . Designed to

Prompt 4042:
European Council President Donald Tusk will make a statement on Brexit early on Friday , his office said on Thursday , prompting speculation on the fate of British Prime Minister Theresa May s plans for

Prompt 4043:
Italy s anti-establishment 5-Star Movement supports the European Union and wants significant law-making powers transferred from governments to the European Parliament , its leader Luigi Di Maio told Reuters . 5-Star , which leads opinion

Prompt 4044:
A senior Palestinian official in President Mahmoud Abbas s ruling Fatah party said on Thursday that U.S. Vice President Mike Pence , due to visit the region later this month , is unwelcome in Palestine

Prompt 4045:
The White House said on Thursday it was not aware of any other country that planned to follow President Donald Trump s lead and recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital . I m not aware

Prompt 4046:
President Donald Trump on Wednesday reversed decades of U.S. policy and recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , imperiling Middle East peace efforts and upsetting the Arab world and Western allies alike . Trump

Prompt 4047:
At least 31 people were wounded by Israeli army gunfire and rubber bullets , medics said , in Palestinian protests in the occupied West Bank and the Gaza Strip on Thursday after the United States

Prompt 4048:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Thursday that North Korea wants direct talks with the United States to seek guarantees on its security from Washington , Russian news agencies reported . Lavrov said he

Prompt 4049:
The powerful head of Moldova s ruling party Vlad Plahotniuc on Thursday accused Russian authorities of harassing him and other officials with dozens of bogus legal cases , ratcheting up a long-running diplomatic row between

Prompt 4050:
Germany s Social Democrats ( SPD ) voted on Thursday to hold talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a government after their leader made an impassioned plea for a free hand to

Prompt 4051:
Lebanon s Hezbollah group joined calls on Thursday for a new Palestinian uprising in response to the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital . U.S. President Donald Trump s decision amounted to an

Prompt 4052:
A Zimbabwean judge freed ousted finance minister Ignatius Chombo on bail on Thursday in a ruling that underlined judicial independence just three weeks after the army helped depose Robert Mugabe . Chombo , a senior

Prompt 4053:
Albania is planning to try to lure five-star hotel brands with tax breaks , including scrapping profit and property taxes , to increase its appeal for the higher-end of the tourist trade . With travel

Prompt 4054:
German Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) members voted overwhelmingly on Thursday to allow their party s leadership to enter talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a government . The party congress

Prompt 4055:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed in a phone call on Thursday that the U.S. decision on Jerusalem will negatively impact the region s peace and stability , sources in Erdogan

Prompt 4056:
The mediator of U.N.-led Syrian peace talks in Geneva will assess next week whether either side is trying to sabotage the process , he said on Thursday , after President Bashar al-Assad s negotiators said

Prompt 4057:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and Pope Francis agreed in a phone call on Thursday that any attempts to change Jerusalem s status should be avoided , sources in Erdogan s office said . Emphasising that

Prompt 4058:
Pakistan s army chief on Thursday criticized madrassas that have mushroomed nationwide for mostly teaching only Islamic theology , saying the country needs to revisit the religious school concept . Modernizing madrassa education is a

Prompt 4059:
German voters are punishing the pro-business Free Democrats ( FDP ) for walking out of three-way coalition talks last month as a poll showed on Thursday support for the party falling and the popularity of

Prompt 4060:
The powerful Lebanese group Hezbollah said on Thursday it supported calls for a new Palestinian uprising in response to the U.S. decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and urged support for resistance

Prompt 4061:
The South African author of a book critical of President Jacob Zuma said on Thursday he had been summoned by police , but no reason had been given for the meeting . The President s

Prompt 4062:
The United States would badly like to lift sanctions against Russia but will not do so until Moscow has pulled its forces out of eastern Ukraine and Crimea , Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said

Prompt 4063:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told his U.S. counterpart Rex Tillerson that U.S. pressure on Russian diplomats and media was unacceptable , the Russian Foreign Ministry said on Thursday . This includes recruitment attempts by

Prompt 4064:
An Israeli siren phone application sounded that rockets were fired at Israel at various locations near the Gaza Strip on Thursday but there was no initial confirmation of any hits in Israel , the military

Prompt 4065:
Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday that Germany would stand by U.N. resolutions on the Israel-Palestinian conflict after U.S. President Donald Trump decided to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . We re sticking

Prompt 4066:
The European Union s executive on Thursday stepped up its pressure on the nationalist government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban in Hungary over its treatment of immigrants , non-governmental groups and a prominent university .

Prompt 4067:
Talks between Democratic Unionist Party and the British government to secure a deal on the post-Brexit future of the region s border continued on Thursday , a spokesman for the Northern Ireland party said .

Prompt 4068:
The jailed leader of Turkey s pro-Kurdish opposition was remanded in prison for at least two more months on Thursday at the opening of his trial on terrorism-related charges . Selahattin Demirtas , the co-leader

Prompt 4069:
Islamist militant group Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) has condemned the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and called on militants to close ranks to support Palestinians .

Prompt 4070:
Australia became the 26th nation to legalise same-sex marriage on Thursday , prompting cheers and singing from a packed parliament public gallery in a country where some states ruled homosexual acts to be illegal until

Prompt 4071:
Iran s allies in Lebanon have emerged even stronger from a crisis triggered by Saudi Arabia , which achieved little more than to force the Saudis main Lebanese ally - Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri -

Prompt 4072:
Rohingya refugees continue to flee Myanmar for Bangladesh even though both countries set up a timetable last month to allow them to start to return home , the U.N. refugee agency ( UNHCR ) said

Prompt 4073:
Syrian migrant Bashar Wakaa and his heavily pregnant wife are days away from the birth of their third child , stranded on the Greek island of Lesbos in a muddy , garbage-strewn olive grove with

Prompt 4074:
Opinion polls show Vladimir Putin is already a shoo-in to win a fourth presidential term . But a ban on Russia taking part in the Winter Olympics is likely to make support for him even

Prompt 4075:
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Thursday that a decision by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) this week to ban the Russian team from next year s Winter Olympics had been deliberately

Prompt 4076:
The art of Neapolitan pizza making won world heritage status on Thursday , joining a horse-riding game from Iran and Dutch wind mills on UNESCO s culture list . UNESCO accepted the art of Neapolitan

Prompt 4077:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Thursday that U.S. President Donald Trump s unfortunate decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel was trampling on international laws . Erdogan speaking in Athens after talks

Prompt 4078:
A Thai court issued arrest warrants against five people on Thursday over the discovery of a cache of weapons , including figures with links to the Red Shirt followers of former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra

Prompt 4079:
A white Zimbabwean farmer kicked off his property at gunpoint in June has been told he will be going home within days , the first signs of the post-Robert Mugabe government making good on promises

Prompt 4080:
Poland is ready to defend its decision in the European Union s top court to refuse to accept migrants from Africa and the Middle East under an EU plan to redistribute them , Deputy Foreign

Prompt 4081:
Qatar will buy fighter jets and armored vehicles as part of 12 billion euros worth of commercial contracts it agreed with France on Thursday , bolstering its military capability and its international ties as it

Prompt 4082:
Russia s military said on Thursday it had accomplished its mission of defeating Islamic State in Syria , and there were no remaining settlements there under the group s control . Russian bombers had used

Prompt 4083:
Hungary s main opposition party would be unable to compete at an election next April if state auditors impose a heavy fine in a campaign finance case , a vice chairman for the nationalist Jobbik

Prompt 4084:
British foreign secretary Boris Johnson singled out the Muslim Brotherhood and its associates for criticism on Thursday in a speech calling for a renewed western diplomatic push in the Middle East to tackle Islamic extremism

Prompt 4085:
The United States has primed a bomb in the Middle East with its decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Thursday . Yildirim said Turkey s

Prompt 4086:
The EU s top diplomat pledged on Thursday to reinvigorate diplomacy with Russia , the United States , Jordan and others to ensure Palestinians have a capital in Jerusalem after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized

Prompt 4087:
A man with a Palestinian flag yelling God is great was detained by police in the Netherlands on Thursday after smashing the windows of a kosher Jewish restaurant in Amsterdam . The violent outburst came

Prompt 4088:
A former Turkish beauty pageant winner may face up to a year in prison over a tweet referring to last year s failed military coup that cost her Miss Turkey title , the private Dogan

Prompt 4089:
A 25-year-old Bosnian man has been arrested in the Austrian city of Graz on suspicion of planning an attack on its Christmas market , police said on Thursday . The Muslim man was detained on

Prompt 4090:
U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel has complicated the situation in the Middle East and is causing a split in the international community , Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov

Prompt 4091:
More than 90 mayors from across Libya s political divides are meeting for the first time in an effort to shore up their role in tackling conflict-linked crises and promote themselves as a unifying movement

Prompt 4092:
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Thursday U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital was not helpful and that the world would like to see some serious announcements from President Donald Trump on

Prompt 4093:
Russia will criticize U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel in the United Nations Security Council , the RIA news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov as

Prompt 4094:
The decision by the United States to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel risks aggravating the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , Russia s foreign ministry said on Thursday , while calling on all sides involved to

Prompt 4095:
Iraq demanded on Thursday that the U.S. government backtrack on a decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and summoned the U.S. ambassador in Baghdad to protest the decision . U.S. President Donald Trump

Prompt 4096:
Palestinian factions stepped up efforts on Thursday to finalize a Hamas handover of the Gaza Strip to President Mahmoud Abbas as protests broke out in the enclave against the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel

Prompt 4097:
Swearing in an alternative president of Kenya would be an act of treason , the country s attorney general said on Thursday , days before an opposition leader expects to be inaugurated by an unofficial

Prompt 4098:
Thai police have arrested four members of a Hells Angels biker gang accused of drug crimes , violence and posing a threat to society , the Tourist Police said on Thursday . Three Australians and

Prompt 4099:
A Japanese cosmetic surgeon criticized for praising Nazis and playing down Japan s wartime atrocities won an auction for a memoir by Emperor Hirohito that chronicles the nation s slide into World War Two ,

Prompt 4100:
Greek President Prokopis Pavlopoulos on Thursday ruled out a revision of an international treaty defining the borders of Greece and Turkey . The Treaty of Lausanne defines the territory and the sovereignty of Greece and

Prompt 4101:
Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani said on Thursday Qatar was ready to sit down with fellow Gulf Arab states to resolve any dispute but he said sovereignty was not subject to compromise . Speaking

Prompt 4102:
France and Qatar signed commercial contracts worth around 12 billion euros ( $ 14.15 billion ) on Thursday , French President Emmanuel Macron said , adding that the deals underscored the close relationship between the

Prompt 4103:
Former Russian economy minister Alexei Ulyukayev , accused of taking a $ 2 million bribe from Rosneft chief executive Igor Sechin , told a court on Thursday he was the victim of a monstrous and

Prompt 4104:
Britain s Electoral Commission said on Thursday it was investigating campaign group Momentum - which backed the opposition Labour Party at a June election - over whether it breached campaign finance rules . Momentum is

Prompt 4105:
Iraq s senior shi ite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani condemned on Thursday U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital . This decision is condemned and decried , it

Prompt 4106:
A U.S. B-1B bomber on Wednesday joined large-scale U.S.-South Korean military exercises that North Korea has denounced as pushing the peninsula to the brink of nuclear war , as tension mounts between the North and

Prompt 4107:
A state-run newspaper in China s Jilin province , which borders North Korea and Russia , on Wednesday published a page of common sense advice on how readers can protect themselves from a nuclear weapons

Prompt 4108:
The powerful Palestinian Islamist group Hamas called on Thursday for a new uprising against Israel after U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as the Israeli capital . We should call for and we

Prompt 4109:
The Israeli military said it was reinforcing troops deployed in the occupied West Bank on Thursday as Palestinians protested against the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital . Several new army battalions would

Prompt 4110:
China expressed strong dissatisfaction with India on Thursday over the recent crash of an Indian drone in Chinese territory , an incident that could cause more friction along their disputed border . Indian and Chinese

Prompt 4111:
Britain will guarantee rights for as yet unborn children who join EU parents after Brexit and accept EU judges rulings on such rights , according to a draft European Parliament resolution seen by Reuters on

Prompt 4112:
Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar s Fine Gael party surged into an 11-point lead in a poll on Thursday , gaining credit for the government s Brexit negotiating stance and indicating its recent near-collapse had

Prompt 4113:
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Thursday many countries would follow the United States in recognising Jerusalem as Israel s capital and contacts were underway . Wednesday s announcement by U.S. President Donald Trump

Prompt 4114:
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad s negotiating team is set to arrive in Geneva on Sunday to participate in peace talks , Syria s state news agency SANA reported on Thursday , quoting a foreign ministry

Prompt 4115:
Two U.S. B-1B bombers took part in joint U.S.-South Korean military drills on Thursday , an official at Seoul s defense ministry told Reuters , exercises which North Korea has said are taking the peninsula

Prompt 4116:
Iraq demanded on Thursday that the U.S. government backtrack on a decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital to avoid fuelling terrorism , and a prominent Iraqi militia said the decision was a reason

Prompt 4117:
Britons who have joined the Islamic State militant group in Syria and Iraq should be hunted down and killed , Britain s new defence minister said . Gavin Williamson said that Britons who had gone

Prompt 4118:
A prominent Iraqi militia backed by Iran , Harakat Hezbollah al- Nujaba , said on Thursday U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital could become a legitimate reason to

Prompt 4119:
The United Arab Emirates has denounced the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , state news agency WAM reported on Thursday , citing a foreign ministry statement . The ministry expressed

Prompt 4120:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Thursday the United States decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital completely disregarded a 1980 United Nations resolution regarding the status of the city . Erdogan also said

Prompt 4121:
President Vladimir Putin confirmed Russia s worst kept political secret on Wednesday , saying he would run for re-election in March 2018 - a contest he seems sure to win comfortably and extend his grip

Prompt 4122:
Israel hailed U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as its capital on Wednesday , but the Palestinians condemned the move and said it diminished Washington s role as a peace mediator . In

Prompt 4123:
Jordan on Wednesday rejected the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , calling it legally null because it consolidated Israel s occupation of the eastern sector of the contested city .

Prompt 4124:
Palestinians switched off Christmas lights at Jesus traditional birthplace in Bethlehem on Wednesday night in protest at U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital . A Christmas tree adorned

Prompt 4125:
The kingdom of Saudi Arabia on Thursday condemned the decision by U.S. President Donald Trump to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . The Saudi Royal Court issued a statement saying that the kingdom

Prompt 4126:
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi was in the final phase of campaigning on Thursday to retain power in his home state and stave off the most serious challenge yet from a combined opposition . The

Prompt 4127:
ITER , an international project to build a prototype nuclear fusion reactor in southern France , said it is facing delays if the Trump administration does not reconsider budget cuts . Seven partners - Europe

Prompt 4128:
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak called on Muslims worldwide to strongly oppose any recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital , as he rallied his party ahead of a tough election due next year .

Prompt 4129:
Indonesian President Joko Widodo , leader of the world s largest Muslim-majority nation , onThursday condemned the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital . Indonesia strongly condemns the United States unilateral recognition

Prompt 4130:
A group of Mexican opposition senators proposed a constitutional reform on Wednesday that would enable a sitting president to face trial for corruption for up to three years after leaving office , in a bid

Prompt 4131:
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak called on Muslims everywhere to strongly oppose any recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital . President Donald Trump reversed decades of U.S. policy and recognized Jerusalem as the capital

Prompt 4132:
North Korea s vice foreign minister met visiting U.N. political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman on Wednesday in the North Korean capital , Pyongyang , the North s state media said . The North Korean official

Prompt 4133:
Nepalis began voting in the final round of parliamentary elections on Thursday , a key step to complete a near decade-long democratic transition after the abolition of the centuries-old monarchy and the end of a

Prompt 4134:
The United States said on Wednesday it would restrict entry to people involved in the Cambodian government s actions to undermine democracy , including the dissolution of the main opposition party and imprisonment of its

Prompt 4135:
The Organization of American States ( OAS ) said on Wednesday it may call for new Honduran elections if any irregularities undermine the credibility of results in last month s disputed vote that has sparked

Prompt 4136:
Seven Latin American governments said on Wednesday that they supported the decision by Honduras electoral tribunal to proceed with a total recount of disputed ballots in the country s Nov. 28 election . Argentina ,

Prompt 4137:
The United States is asking Israel to temper its response to the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as its capital because Washington expects a backlash and is weighing the potential threat to U.S. facilities and people

Prompt 4138:
A Somali national has been convicted in an Ontario court for his role in the 2008 kidnapping of Canadian Amanda Lindhout , who was held captive in Somalia for 460 days and released only after

Prompt 4139:
An intense and sustained push by U.S. evangelicals helped drive President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and eventually relocate the U.S. embassy there , activists said on Wednesday .

Prompt 4140:
Venezuela s former oil czar Rafael Ramirez said on Wednesday the government would make one of its worst political moves if investigators target him in an anti-corruption purge , which is gaining traction ahead of

Prompt 4141:
Between Sihanoukville s beaches and its multiplying casinos , Lao Qi and Bun Saroeun run restaurants barely a hundred dusty meters apart . But their fortunes could not be more different . For while Lao

Prompt 4142:
Repressive states are to blame for breeding terrorism , Britain s foreign minister Boris Johnson will say on Thursday , in a speech defending Western foreign policy and denouncing Islamist extremism . Britain suffered four

Prompt 4143:
Britain will fail to agree a free trade deal with the EU before it plans to leave the bloc in 2019 and should seek a transition period to avoid a worst-case scenario of crashing out

Prompt 4144:
The United Nations Security Council will meet on Friday at the request of eight states on the 15-member body over U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel ,

Prompt 4145:
U.S. President Donald Trump called for Saudi Arabia on Wednesday to immediately allow humanitarian aid to reach the Yemeni people , suggesting Washington had run out patience with a Saudi-led blockade that has been condemned

Prompt 4146:
The premier of Germany s most populous state has become the most senior member of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservative bloc to throw his weight behind French President Emmanuel Macron s proposals for deepening and

Prompt 4147:
Algeria is deeply concerned about a U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , saying it was a blatant violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions , state news agency APS said on Wednesday

Prompt 4148:
The Organization of American States ( OAS ) on Wednesday called for an immediate return of constitutional rights in Honduras and said it may call for new elections if irregularities mean it is impossible to

Prompt 4149:
Panama recalled its ambassador to the EU from Brussels for consultations after the Central American country was included on a European Union blacklist of countries deemed as tax havens , the government said on Wednesday

Prompt 4150:
Palestinian secular and Islamist factions on Wednesday called a general strike and midday rallies to protest U.S. President Donald Trump s announcement that he has recognized Jerusalem as Israel s capital , they said in

Prompt 4151:
Japan s Emperor Hirohito did not veto his advisers decision to declare war on the United States in 1941 because he feared triggering an internal conflict that would destroy his country , he said in

Prompt 4152:
The collapse of Islamic State s self-proclaimed caliphate has not diminished the militant group s ability to inspire attacks on Western targets via the internet , U.S. national security officials told senators on Wednesday .

Prompt 4153:
The U.S. State Department on Wednesday advised U.S. citizens to delay or cancel unnecessary travel to mainland Honduras due to ongoing political protests and the potential for violence . The travel alert , which the

Prompt 4154:
Greek police fired teargas on Wednesday at youths marching in Athens to mark the ninth anniversary of the killing of a teenager by police in an incident that sparked the worst riots for decades in

Prompt 4155:
British Prime Minister Theresa May told her Irish counterpart Leo Varadkar that she would propose suggestions to Brexit negotiators over the next 24 hours to try to break an impasse on the issue of the

Prompt 4156:
Protests broke out on Wednesday in areas of Jordan s capital Amman inhabited by Palestinian refugees in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital , witnesses said .

Prompt 4157:
British Prime Minister Theresa May told her Irish counterpart Leo Varadkar that she would propose suggestions to Brexit negotiators over the next 24 hours to try to break an impasse on the issue of the

Prompt 4158:
Supporters of the far right in Finland and anti-facists staged rival marches in the capital on Wednesday as the country celebrated 100 years of independence . Police in riot gear reinforced by security personnel from

Prompt 4159:
An opposition alliance in Mexico wants to launch a universal basic wage to combat the poverty that blights the lives of almost half the population , touting an experimental reform discussed globally as a solution

Prompt 4160:
Maltese investigators believe a man charged with murdering an anti-corruption journalist set off the car bomb which killed her via SMS from a cabin cruiser out at sea , police sources said on Wednesday .

Prompt 4161:
British Prime Minister Theresa May disagrees with the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel because it is unlikely to help efforts to bring peace to the region , her spokesman said

Prompt 4162:
Germany does not support the Trump administration s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday . The German government does not support this position , because

Prompt 4163:
Former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi , whose Democratic Party ( PD ) is shedding support in opinion polls , suffered a further setback on Wednesday when two allies said they would not contest next

Prompt 4164:
President Emmanuel Macron , visiting Algeria , said on Wednesday he would not be held hostage by France s colonial involvement there and urged young Algerians to build for the future and not dwell on

Prompt 4165:
Lebanon s President Michel Aoun said on Wednesday that U.S. President Donald Trump s Jerusalem decision was dangerous and threatened the credibility of the United States as a broker of the peace process in the

Prompt 4166:
Morocco summoned the U.S. charge d affaires to express its deep concern over the U.S. decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , state news agency MAP said on Wednesday . Morocco s foreign

Prompt 4167:
The European Union expressed serious concern on Wednesday after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , saying it could have repercussions for peace prospects . The aspirations of both parties

Prompt 4168:
The Palestinian cause will stay alive among Arabs until the establishment of a Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital , the Syrian president s office said on Wednesday in response to U.S. President Donald

Prompt 4169:
Britain has not conducted formal sector-by-sector analyses of the impact that leaving the European Union will have on the economy , Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday , arguing they were not necessary yet

Prompt 4170:
Saudi Arabia s King Salman discussed the most prominent developments in the region in a telephone call from the Turkish president , the Saudi state news agency reported , after President Donald Trump announced the

Prompt 4171:
Hours after a Brexit deal collapsed , British Prime Minister Theresa May came under pressure on Tuesday from opposition parties and even some allies to soften the EU divorce by keeping Britain in the single

Prompt 4172:
Iran seriously condemns the U.S. decision to move its embassy to Jerusalem and its recognition of the city as Israel s capital , read a statement on Wednesday from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs carried

Prompt 4173:
Mexico s foreign ministry said on Wednesday that it will keep its Israeli embassy in Tel Aviv , following U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to move the nation s embassy to Jerusalem . Mexico

Prompt 4174:
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said on Wednesday that Jerusalem was the eternal capital of the State of Palestine in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s announcement that he was recognizing the city as Israel

Prompt 4175:
Egypt s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi received a phone call from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to discuss the repercussions of the U.S. decision to move its embassy to Jerusalem , a statement from the Egyptian

Prompt 4176:
Tunisia s powerful labor union UGTT said U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital and decision to move the U.S. embassy to the city was a declaration of war ,

Prompt 4177:
Qatar s foreign minister said on Wednesday U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel was a death sentence for all who seek peace , Qatari-owned Al Jazeera television

Prompt 4178:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is planning a trip to Africa in the first three months of next year , a senior aide said on Wednesday , amid speculation how long Tillerson might stay

Prompt 4179:
The following is the text of an address made by President Donald Trump announcing the recognition by the United States of Jerusalem as Israel s capital . THE PRESIDENT : Thank you . When I

Prompt 4180:
Belgian police commissioner Catherine De Bolle has been nominated to become the next head of Europe s police agency , the European Union Council said on Wednesday . De Bolle , 47 , will take

Prompt 4181:
Palestinian Islamist group Hamas said U.S. President Donald Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital and decision to move the U.S. embassy to the city was a flagrant aggression against the Palestinian people

Prompt 4182:
Egypt rejected the U.S. decision to move its embassy to Jerusalem , the foreign ministry said on Wednesday . It added that Trump s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital did not change the

Prompt 4183:
Turkey s foreign ministry on Wednesday condemned a decision by the United States to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel as irresponsible and called on Washington to reconsider the move . Several hundred protesters

Prompt 4184:
United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on Wednesday that there was no alternative to a two-state solution between Israel and the Palestinians and that Jerusalem was a final-status issue that should be resolved through direct

Prompt 4185:
Influential exiled Palestinian politician Mohammed Dahlan said on Wednesday Palestinians should reject any future peace talks and halt security coordination with Israel over U.S. plans to move its embassy in Israel to Jerusalem . Dahlan

Prompt 4186:
French President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday he did not support U.S. President Donald Trump s unilateral decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and called for calm across the region . This decision

Prompt 4187:
Arabs denounced President Donald Trump s plan to move the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem as a slap in the face but few thought their governments would do much in response . Trump phoned

Prompt 4188:
Former Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont , facing arrest in Spain for organising an illegal independence referendum in October , said on Tuesday he would stay in Belgium for the time being . Spanish authorities dropped

Prompt 4189:
President Donald Trump announced on Wednesday that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and that it will move its embassy to the holy city . In doing so , Trump is

Prompt 4190:
Ireland is open to adding to a tentative Irish border agreement that collapsed on Monday but movement will be needed by the end of the week if Brexit talks are to move onto the next

Prompt 4191:
Saudi Arabia is interested in reaching a civilian nuclear cooperation agreement with Washington , the U.S. government s energy chief said on Wednesday , a step which would allow American companies to participate in the

Prompt 4192:
Ivory Coast will cut its armed forces by about 1,000 troops by the end of the year , the government spokesman said on Wednesday , in a bid to rationalize a costly and sometimes unruly

Prompt 4193:
Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev threatened on Wednesday to sack his cabinet if they failed to make large state companies bring back cash held abroad . Nazarbayev , who wields sweeping powers in the oil-rich nation

Prompt 4194:
The European Commission proposed on Wednesday ideas for deeper euro zone integration in an effort to help unite the broader European Union , as eurosceptic sentiment grows across the EU and Britain prepares to leave

Prompt 4195:
Ukrainian supporters of former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili freed him from a police van on Tuesday after his detention on suspicion of assisting a criminal organisation led to clashes with police in Kiev . Once

Prompt 4196:
Israel is expanding ties throughout the Middle East but not with Iran , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Wednesday , accusing his country s arch-foe of trying to dominate the region . Addressing a

Prompt 4197:
Britain won a vote of confidence from its economically important life sciences sector on Wednesday as several major drug companies committed to invest in the country under the government s industrial strategy plans after Brexit

Prompt 4198:
No fuel shipments have reached Yemen s largest port for a month , a Reuters analysis of port and ship tracking data shows , as a Saudi Arabian-led blockade on the war-torn country tightens despite

Prompt 4199:
The U.S. State Department issued a cable to all its diplomatic posts worldwide on Wednesday asking its officials to defer non-essential travel to Israel , Jerusalem and the West Bank until Dec. 20 according to

Prompt 4200:
Cameroon s government has ordered thousands of villagers to leave their homes in the Anglophone Southwest region as it deploys troops to root out armed separatists who have vowed to loosen President Paul Biya s

Prompt 4201:
The United States and France called on Russia on Wednesday to deliver the delegation of President Bashar al-Assad to Syria peace talks in Geneva after discussions on ending the six-year war resumed with no sign

Prompt 4202:
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday a complete victory had been achieved over Islamic State militants on both banks of the Euphrates river in Syria . In comments released by the Kremlin , Putin

Prompt 4203:
President Donald Trump said on Wednesday his decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel is long overdue . I think it s long overdue . Many presidents have said they want to do

Prompt 4204:
Britain s government has not yet decided what it wants from a final Brexit deal because it is still waiting to clear preliminary talks with Brussels , finance minister Philip Hammond said on Wednesday .

Prompt 4205:
A sacked Turkish professor who has been on hunger strike for almost nine months and is barely half her original weight said on Wednesday she had appealed a court ruling that linked her to a

Prompt 4206:
President Tayyip Erdogan s spokesman said on Wednesday the U.S. judge hearing the trial of an executive at Turkey s state-owned Halkbank had taken part in events organized by a cleric Ankara blames for last

Prompt 4207:
A Saudi-led coalition stepped up air strikes on Yemen s Houthis on Wednesday as the Iran-allied armed movement tightened its grip on Sanaa a day after the son of slain former president Ali Abdullah Saleh

Prompt 4208:
A blockade of Yemen s key ports appeared to have been broken on Wednesday as ships arrived with food and fuel for the desperate population , the head of the Norwegian Refugee Council ( NRC

Prompt 4209:
Dozens of Ukrainian police in riot gear raided a protest camp outside parliament on Wednesday in a failed attempt to detain former Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili , who was freed from custody by supporters a

Prompt 4210:
A flight by businesses from Catalonia s independence crisis has drawn comparisons with Quebec , the French-speaking Canadian province that deterred investors with a decades-long independence push . Opinion polls showed support for pro-independence parties

Prompt 4211:
Libyan electoral officials announced on Wednesday the opening of a two-month voter registration period , though it is unclear when elections will next be held in the divided nation . The United Nations is supporting

Prompt 4212:
South Africa s ruling African National Congress ( ANC ) is doing everything possible to avoid a split in the party after elections for a new leader this month , a senior official running for

Prompt 4213:
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will deliver a televised speech on Wednesday in response to U.S. President Donald Trump s anticipated announcement that Washington recognizes Jerusalem as Israel s capital , a Palestinian official said .

Prompt 4214:
Palestinians seethed with anger and a sense of betrayal over U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize the disputed city of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . Many heard the death knell for

Prompt 4215:
Nigeria is replacing the military commander of the fight against Boko Haram after half a year , an army spokesman said on Wednesday , following a string of insurgency attacks despite years of official claims

Prompt 4216:
An air strike hit a village south of Somalia s capital Mogadishu on Wednesday and a local official said the attack targeted Islamist al Shabaab militants fighting to topple the country s central government .

Prompt 4217:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Wednesday there could be no normal relations with Russia until Moscow ended its support for separatists in Ukraine and returned Crimea , in comments likely to reassure

Prompt 4218:
In the 50 years since Israel captured Jerusalem , the rhetoric of leaders in the Middle East has reflected the deep division over the fate of the city . Jerusalem remains at the heart of

Prompt 4219:
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday he would decide very soon whether to run for re-election next year , something he is widely expected to do and comfortably win . Putin , 65 ,

Prompt 4220:
Former Mexico finance minister Jose Antonio Meade , who resigned to seek the presidential nomination of the ruling party , is lagging far behind in public support ahead of next year s election , according

Prompt 4221:
Russian air strikes killed 21 people in a village on the eastern side of the Euphrates River in east Syria , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said on Wednesday . The strikes in Deir

Prompt 4222:
A Thai court sentenced a 62-year-old man to 27 years in prison on Wednesday for planting a bomb at a Bangkok hospital that wounded 21 people . The explosion hit the Phramongkutklao Hospital in the

Prompt 4223:
Czech billionaire businessman Andrej Babis was appointed prime minister on Wednesday after his ANO party came first in an October election , and he must now focus on securing parliamentary backing for a minority administration

Prompt 4224:
A French judge has ordered a prominent Russian businessman and lawmaker Suleiman Kerimov pay a 40 million euro ( $ 47.25 million ) bail for his release pending a tax fraud and money laundering investigation

Prompt 4225:
The Arab League is to hold an emergency meeting on Saturday on U.S. plans to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , the head of the Palestinian delegation to the body said on Wednesday

Prompt 4226:
The European Commission proposed on Wednesday a package of legislative and non-binding measures to reform the euro zone and make it more resilient to future crises . Below are the main proposals : The euro

Prompt 4227:
The Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi offered his condolences to the son of slain former Yemen president Ali Abdullah Saleh at his residence in Abu Dhabi , according to his official twitter account . The

Prompt 4228:
A British man posted a picture of Prince George , 4 , and the address of his London school as part of a series of possible targets for Islamist militants , a court heard on

Prompt 4229:
A 20-year-old man appeared in court on Wednesday accused of plotting to kill British Prime Minister Theresa May by first detonating an explosive device to get into her Downing Street office . Naa imur Rahman

Prompt 4230:
Greece s Supreme Court will decide on Dec. 13 whether to extradite a Russian to the United States where authorities want to put him on trial for laundering $ 4 billion via a bitcoin platform

Prompt 4231:
A Hungarian European Parliament member who belongs to the nationalist opposition Jobbik party has been charged with spying on European Union institutions for Russia , prosecutors said on Wednesday . The charges against Bela Kovacs

Prompt 4232:
British Prime Minister Theresa May is working towards unlocking Brexit talks at an EU summit later this month and , despite there being more work to be done , has made good progress , her

Prompt 4233:
A spokesman for British Prime Minister Theresa May warned on Wednesday against the idea that discussions with Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party to resolving a Brexit row could involve the Northern Irish budget .

Prompt 4234:
France accused the Syrian government on Wednesday of obstructing U.N.-led peace talks with its refusal to return to Geneva and called on Russia not to shirk its responsibilities to get Damascus to the negotiating table

Prompt 4235:
Mayor of London Sadiq Khan called on the British government on Wednesday to make a formal apology for the 1919 Jallianwala Bagh massacre in which nearly 400 Sikhs were shot dead by British Indian army

Prompt 4236:
Germany s Social Democrats ( SPD ) will do everything in their power to ensure that Berlin embraces the European ideas of French President Emmanuel Macron , SPD leader Martin Schulz said on Wednesday .

Prompt 4237:
President Donald Trump will announce on Wednesday that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and will move its embassy there , breaking with longtime U.S. policy and potentially stirring unrest .

Prompt 4238:
British Prime Minister Theresa May said she intended to speak to U.S. President Donald Trump about the status of Jerusalem , which she said should be determined as part of a settlement between Israel and

Prompt 4239:
An increasing number of fishing boats from North Korea has been appearing off Japan - some in distress , some abandoned and some with dead bodies on board - raising fears about infiltration by spies

Prompt 4240:
Pope Francis , speaking hours before U.S. President Donald Trump s announcement on Jerusalem , called on Wednesday for the city s status quo to be respected , saying new tension in the Middle East

Prompt 4241:
U.S. President Donald Trump is undermining international stability with his decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel s capital and move the U.S. embassy there , the leader of Germany s Social Democrats ( SPD )

Prompt 4242:
Christine Keeler , the model and dancer whose liaisons with a British minister and a Soviet diplomat at the height of the Cold War shocked Britain and embroiled the government in a notorious political sex

Prompt 4243:
Several people were injured in a train crash on Tuesday near the German city of Duesseldorf , fire department and police spokesmen said . Rail operator Deutsche Bahn said a passenger train of the regional

Prompt 4244:
Australia faces a series of by-elections that could topple the government , which trails in opinion polls and has lost its slender majority , in a bizarre citizenship crisis that has engulfed both sides of

Prompt 4245:
A man appeared in a London court on Wednesday on suspicion of plotting to kill Prime Minister Theresa May . A prosecution lawyer told Westminster Magistrates Court that the plot was to detonate an explosive

Prompt 4246:
U.S. recognition that Jerusalem is Israel s capital would be important for Israel even if it delayed moving its embassy there , Israel s minister for public security , Gilad Erdan said on Wednesday .

Prompt 4247:
U.S. plans to move its Israel embassy to Jerusalem are a sign of incompetence and failure , Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Wednesday . U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to announce

Prompt 4248:
Britain s Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson called on the United States on Wednesday to present its proposal to revive the Middle East peace process as a matter of priority . Before a meeting with U.S.

Prompt 4249:
The Kremlin said on Wednesday that Russia was concerned that the conflict between Israel and the Palestinian authorities could be aggravated further by U.S. President Donald Trump s plans to move the U.S. Embassy in

Prompt 4250:
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did not comment on the planned U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital on Wednesday during his first public remarks since the White House confirmed the new policy .

Prompt 4251:
China expressed concern on Wednesday about U.S. President Donald Trump s reported intention to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital and relocate the U.S. Embassy to the ancient city , saying it could spark new

Prompt 4252:
Turkish President Tayip Erdogan will make a historic visit to Greece this week , a sign that relations between the two countries are improving , although a long list of grievances remains on both sides

Prompt 4253:
Myanmar s security forces may be guilty of genocide against the Rohingya Muslim minority and more of them are fleeing despite a deal between Myanmar and Bangladesh to send them home , the top U.N.

Prompt 4254:
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said on Wednesday that it would be a grave mistake for the United States to move its embassy in Israel to Jerusalem and that he had warned U.S. Secretary of

Prompt 4255:
A Zimbabwean court has postponed to Thursday the bail hearing of former finance minister Ignatius Chombo , who is facing charges of corruption dating back two decades . Chombo , who did not appear at

Prompt 4256:
Germany is concerned that violent clashes could erupt in the Middle East following reports that U.S. President Donald Trump would recognise Jerusalem as Israel s capital , its Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday . France

Prompt 4257:
The Turkish government s spokesman on Wednesday said that the United States decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel will plunge the region and the world into a fire with no end in

Prompt 4258:
The Syrian government on Wednesday condemned U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to recognize the city of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and to move the U.S. Embassy there from Tel Aviv , Syrian

Prompt 4259:
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri rescinded his resignation on Tuesday , drawing a line under a month-long crisis triggered when he announced from Riyadh that he was stepping down and remained outside Lebanon for weeks

Prompt 4260:
U.S. President Donald Trump would effectively be making a declaration of war if he recognizes Jerusalem as Israel s capital , the Palestinians chief representative to Britain said on Wednesday . If he says what

Prompt 4261:
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Wednesday that he was concerned about reports that U.S. President Donald Trump s would recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital . Lets wait and see what the president

Prompt 4262:
A bomb rigged to a motorcycle exploded in a militant-plagued part of northwest Pakistan near the Afghan border , killing nine people , officials said on Wednesday , the latest violence in a recent rise

Prompt 4263:
The State Duma lower house of Russia s parliament voted on Wednesday to bar correspondents of U.S. mass media , including The Voice of America and Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty , from attending its sessions

Prompt 4264:
China said on Wednesday it hopes relevant parties can exercise restraint over North Korea , after the South Korean military said that U.S. B-1B bomber flew over the Korean peninsula during a large-scale joint aerial

Prompt 4265:
Iran s foreign ministry denied on Wednesday U.S. accusations that the Islamic Republic is playing a destabilizing role in the region , state media reported . U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said on

Prompt 4266:
Cambodia s exiled opposition leader Sam Rainsy has committed treason by inciting soldiers to defy orders , Prime Minister Hun Sen said on Wednesday , and he will face new legal action over the comments

Prompt 4267:
Britain should leave open the option remaining in the single market and customs union after a Brexit transition period , the Brexit spokesman for the opposition Labour Party said on Wednesday . Our position is

Prompt 4268:
The official newspaper of China s ruling Communist Party has lavished unusually high levels of praise on President Xi Jinping s signature leadership , as China s strongest leader in decades consolidates his personal power

Prompt 4269:
China accused Australia of hysteria and paranoia on Wednesday after Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull vowed to ban foreign political donations in a move to curb external influence on its domestic politics . Foreign powers were

Prompt 4270:
Mexican authorities said on Tuesday they will aim to identify some 3,000 bone fragments , apparently human , found at the weekend in the northern state of Coahuila , where organized crime has been blamed

Prompt 4271:
The Honduran opposition battling President Juan Orlando Hernandez over a disputed presidential election proposed on Tuesday that a run-off be held if authorities would not recount the entire vote . TV star Salvador Nasralla ,

Prompt 4272:
Mexican soldiers arbitrarily executed two people after an illegal raid last year , a national rights body said on Tuesday , releasing its findings as protests disrupted a debate in the Senate over a contentious

Prompt 4273:
South Korean President Moon Jae-in will visit China from Dec. 13-16 , China s official Xinhua news agency said on Wednesday , citing Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang . Xinhua did not give further details

Prompt 4274:
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi told U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday there was no need to complicate matters in the Middle East after Trump phoned him to talk about his decision to move the

Prompt 4275:
High-rolling gamblers will face more stringent anti-money-laundering standards in British Columbia casinos , the Canadian province said on Tuesday , as it unveiled the first set of recommendations from a review of its casino sector

Prompt 4276:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Tuesday that the killing of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh would , in the short term , likely worsen an already dire humanitarian situation in the country

Prompt 4277:
Britain will need a new paradigm to sell financial services to the European Union after Brexit as existing trade deals the EU has with foreign countries do not go far enough , the country s

Prompt 4278:
Ireland might consider adding elements to the text of an agreement on the post-Brexit future of Northern Ireland s border as long as they do not undermine those already contained in the deal , the

Prompt 4279:
A magistrate on Tuesday charged three men with murder over a car-bomb blast that killed anti-corruption journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia , court officials said . Caruana Galizia died instantly when her car was blown up

Prompt 4280:
The United Nations migration agency is stepping up the rate at which it flies migrants home from Libya , aiming to evacuate up to 15,000 in the final month of the year . The acceleration

Prompt 4281:
A bomb blast killed eight people and injured 16 others on a bus in Syria s Homs on Tuesday , state media said , citing the city s health authority . Islamic State claimed the

Prompt 4282:
President Donald Trump spoke separately on Tuesday with five Middle East leaders about potential decisions regarding Jerusalem amid reports he plans to move the U.S. Embassy to the city , the White House said in

Prompt 4283:
Paraguay s Congress passed a bill on Tuesday creating a state-sponsored system to import marijuana seeds and grow the plant for medical uses , a decision that followed other countries in Latin America . The

Prompt 4284:
Thirteen people , including civilians , were killed during a confrontation between Colombia s ELN rebels and dissidents from the now-demobilized FARC guerrilla group in a remote area known for drug trafficking , the country

Prompt 4285:
President Donald Trump on Wednesday will deliver remarks about his decision on whether to move the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv , White House Press Secretary Sarah Saders said on Tuesday

Prompt 4286:
Venezuela s powerful former oil czar Rafael Ramirez said on Tuesday he resigned from his job as U.N. envoy on orders of the president , a sign of growing rifts in the Socialist Party once

Prompt 4287:
Venezuela s former ambassador to the United Nations , Rafael Ramirez , has left the United States after being forced to resign by President Nicolas Maduro s government , according to a source with knowledge

Prompt 4288:
United Nations envoy Jeffrey Feltman , a former high-level U.S. State Department official , is not carrying any message from the U.S. government while visiting North Korea for talks on behalf of the world body

Prompt 4289:
The U.S. Consulate in Jerusalem instructed employees on Tuesday to stay away from the occupied West Bank and parts of Jerusalem after President Donald Trump told Middle East leaders he planned to move the U.S.

Prompt 4290:
The Trump administration has named career diplomat Philip Goldberg to head the all-but-abandoned U.S. embassy in Havana , according to three sources familiar with the matter , at a time of heightened tensions between the

Prompt 4291:
Jordan s King Abdullah told U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday that any move by the United States to declare Jerusalem the capital of Israel would have dangerous repercussions for regional stability , a Jordanian

Prompt 4292:
The U.S. agency tasked with protecting the country from missile attacks is scouting the West Coast for places to deploy new anti-missile defenses , two Congressmen said on Saturday , as North Korea s missile

Prompt 4293:
Lawmakers in the upper house of Nigeria s parliament voted on Tuesday to launch an investigation into alleged acts of brutality by a specialist unit of the police . The move follows a social media

Prompt 4294:
Theresa May must deliver her offer on a Brexit divorce package this week if she wants European Union leaders to grant Britain s request for talks on future free trade when they meet next week

Prompt 4295:
Here is a timeline of the coming few days that will determine whether Britain avoids further costly delays in giving business assurances of a smooth exit from the European Union and of free trade with

Prompt 4296:
Saudi Arabia s public prosecutor said on Tuesday most of the people detained in a sweeping anti-corruption campaign launched last month have agreed to settlements to avoid prosecution while the rest could be held for

Prompt 4297:
Saudi King Salman told U.S. President Donald Trump that any decision to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem before a permanent peace settlement is reached will inflame the feelings of Muslims , Saudi

Prompt 4298:
Russia designated Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty ( RFE/RL ) and Voice of America ( VOA ) as foreign agents on Tuesday , a move aimed at complicating their work in retaliation for what Moscow says

Prompt 4299:
French President Emmanuel Macron s popularity rose above 50 percent for the first time since he was elected in May with people approving of the way he defends the country s interests abroad , a

Prompt 4300:
Israel s mayor of Jerusalem Nir Barkat said on Tuesday that moving the U.S. Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to the holy city can take two minutes . Senior U.S. officials have said President

Prompt 4301:
Jordan plans to convene emergency meetings of the Arab League and Organisation of Islamic Cooperation next Saturday and Sunday on how to face the dangerous consequences of U.S. President Donald Trump s decision to move

Prompt 4302:
Spain s Supreme Court on Tuesday withdrew an international arrest warrant for Catalonia s former leader , now in self-imposed exile in Belgium after an illegal independence referendum , in a move to bring his

Prompt 4303:
Qatar s Emir said on Tuesday he hoped a summit of the Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) in Kuwait would help maintain stability in the region , Al-Jazeera TV said , though three Arab

Prompt 4304:
Poland s ruling Law and Justice ( PiS ) party may replace Prime Minister Beata Szydlo next week with her government s finance chief , Mateusz Morawiecki , to prepare for a series of elections

Prompt 4305:
The United States-led international coalition fighting Islamic State estimates that fewer than 3,000 fighters belonging to the hardline Sunni militant group remain in Iraq and Syria , its spokesman said on Tuesday . Islamic State

Prompt 4306:
The powerful exiled son of Yemen s slain ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh vowed on Tuesday to lead a campaign against the Houthi movement that killed his father after he switched sides in the civil war

Prompt 4307:
Six Russian long-range bombers struck Islamic State targets in Syria s Deir al-Zor province , Russian news agencies quoted Russia s Defence Ministry as saying on Tuesday . The TU-22M3 bombers took off from a

Prompt 4308:
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Tuesday urged the Pope and the leaders of Russia , France and Jordan to intervene against Trump s declared intention to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem ,

Prompt 4309:
Russian President Vladimir Putin phoned Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Tuesday to tell him Moscow backs a resumption of talks between Israel and Palestinian authorities , including on the status of Jerusalem , the Kremlin

Prompt 4310:
A suicide attack at a pop concert in Manchester that killed 22 people in May might have been prevented if the security services had responded differently to intelligence in the months before the attack ,

Prompt 4311:
U.S. President Donald Trump spoke with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Tuesday amid reports the United States is planning to formally recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , a source familiar with the call

Prompt 4312:
The U.N. Human Rights Council on Tuesday condemned the very likely commission of crimes against humanity against Rohingya in Myanmar and called on the government to ensure justice for victims and access for U.N. investigators

Prompt 4313:
Dutch politicians gave each other high-fives when they won a contest to host the European Medicines Agency last month , but not everyone in the capital is celebrating the expected influx of highly-paid pharmaceutical experts

Prompt 4314:
Britain s opposition Labour Party called on Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday to put post-Brexit membership of the single market and the customs union under discussion in talks with the European Union . What

Prompt 4315:
Police in the Sicilian capital of Palermo scooped up 25 suspected mobsters on an array of charges on Tuesday , including a woman accused of filling in as boss for her imprisoned husband . More

Prompt 4316:
The Northern Irish party that props up Prime Minister Theresa May said it only got the text of the draft Brexit deal late on Monday morning and that the party told the British government that

Prompt 4317:
U.S. President Donald Trump informed Palestinian President Mahmolud Abbas on Tuesday that he intends to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem , Abbas s spokesman said . The statement did not say whether Trump elaborated

Prompt 4318:
Iraqi federal and Kurdish regional judiciaries are violating the rights of Islamic State suspects with flawed trials , arbitrary detentions under harsh conditions and broad prosecutions , Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) said on

Prompt 4319:
President Donald Trump was speaking on Tuesday with a number of Middle East leaders , the White House said , in advance of his expected announcement about the U.S. embassy in Israel . Trump had

Prompt 4320:
Iraq is opposed to the United States recognising Jerusalem as Israel s capital and moving its embassy there , Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Tuesday , warning that such a decision would negatively affect

Prompt 4321:
Spain has made its largest cocaine bust in 18 years , the Interior Ministry said on Tuesday , after more than 5,800 kg of the drug were discovered on a container ship traveling from Medellin

Prompt 4322:
Turkey is investigating reports that 11 Turkish folk dancers applied for asylum after attending a folk dance festival in the Hungarian capital Budapest , state-run news agency Anadolu said . Ankara prosecutors have launched an

Prompt 4323:
Arab League Secretary General Ahmed Aboul Gheit said on Tuesday that the United States should not take any measures that would alter Jerusalem s legal and political status , Egypt s state news agency MENA

Prompt 4324:
Police raided apartments across Germany on Tuesday , hunting for evidence on anti-capitalist protesters who clashed with officers during July s Group of 20 leaders summit in Hamburg . Officers searched 23 properties believed to

Prompt 4325:
A Turkish court on Tuesday adjourned for four months the trial of 10 academics who signed a letter to the Turkish government last year calling for violence against Turkey s Kurds to end . The

Prompt 4326:
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said he expected Britain and the European Union to progress soon into the next phase of Brexit negotiations , despite Prime Minister Theresa May s problems in getting the political

Prompt 4327:
Same-sex couples will be allowed to marry in Austria from 2019 , the country s supreme court ruled on Tuesday and said a law to the contrary violated the principle of non-discrimination . The move

Prompt 4328:
The United Nations human rights boss called on Mexico s Senate on Tuesday not to adopt a proposed law on internal security , saying it would enshrine the role of the military in law enforcement

Prompt 4329:
The Northern Irish party which props up Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday it would not accept any Brexit deal that saw Northern Ireland diverging either economically or politically from the United Kingdom .

Prompt 4330:
Support for the far-right , anti-immigration Sweden Democrats party has fallen to its lowest level since surging during the migration crisis of 2015 , a government poll showed on Tuesday . The Sweden Democrats approval

Prompt 4331:
A Mexican presidential hopeful and governor of a wealthy border state said he would cut taxes to compete with lower rates in the United States if President Donald Trump s fiscal reform passes Congress ,

Prompt 4332:
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani urged Muslims on Tuesday to disrupt what he called a plot by unnamed countries in the region to build ties with Israel . He gave no more details on the states

Prompt 4333:
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri rescinded his resignation on Tuesday , drawing a line under a month-long crisis triggered when he announced from Riyadh that he was stepping down and remained outside Lebanon for weeks

Prompt 4334:
Yemen s capital Sanaa was quiet on Tuesday after five days of fighting that culminated in the death of ex-President Ali Abdullah Saleh , and U.N. and Red Cross flights have landed at the airport

Prompt 4335:
The toll in fighting in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa in nearly a week has risen to 234 killed and 400 wounded , including 383 severely injured , the International Committee of the Red Cross

Prompt 4336:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday said the United States remains committed to Europe , offering a public statement of support for European allies worried about foreign policy under President Donald Trump .

Prompt 4337:
German public broadcasters have dropped plans to promote concerts next year by British ex-Pink Floyd frontman Roger Waters , citing what they call accusations of anti-Semitism against him . Waters , part of one of

Prompt 4338:
Several lawmakers filed family history documents in Australia s parliament to meet a government deadline on Tuesday to try to prove their citizenship and stem a crisis that has so far claimed nine MPs and

Prompt 4339:
Romania s former King Michael died in Switzerland at the age of 96 on Tuesday , the Royal House was quoted by Digi 24 TV as saying on Tuesday . King Michael of Romania withdrew

Prompt 4340:
Germany should be more assertive in setting foreign policy according to its own interests rather than to those of the United States , the German foreign minister said on Tuesday . Traditionally close ties between

Prompt 4341:
German police on Tuesday arrested an Afghan citizen on suspicion of smuggling migrants by sea from Turkey to Greece resulting in the death of several dozen people when the boat sank , federal police and

Prompt 4342:
London police said an item that had prompted a security alert in the financial district of the city on Tuesday morning was non-suspicious , after authorities had closed St Paul s underground station as a

Prompt 4343:
Saudi Arabia has expressed hope the United States would not recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and warned such a decision would have serious implications , state news agency SPA reported on Tuesday .

Prompt 4344:
Turkish police have detained 17 people as part of an investigation related to gold trader Reza Zarrab , who is cooperating with prosecutors in a U.S. trial , state-run Anadolu news agency said on Tuesday

Prompt 4345:
A bomb blast killed eight people and injured 16 others on a bus in Syria s Homs on Tuesday , state media said , citing the city s health authority . Islamic State claimed the

Prompt 4346:
Former Egyptian interior minister Habib al-Adly has been arrested after failing to attend his sentencing in a trial over corruption charges , two security sources said on Tuesday . Adly , who served under ousted

Prompt 4347:
Finland s defense ministry said on Tuesday it suspected a Russian aircraft had violated Finnish airspace over the Baltic Sea earlier in the day . The ministry said a Tupolev TU-154 , a Russian passenger

Prompt 4348:
Britain s rejection of a transgender woman s claim for a women s state pension because she was still married to her spouse from before her transition is discriminatory , an EU court adviser said

Prompt 4349:
Myanmar told the United Nations on Tuesday that it was finalizing terms for a joint working group with Bangladesh that will launch the process of safe and voluntary return of hundreds of thousands of Rohingya

Prompt 4350:
South Korea and the United States launched large-scale joint aerial drills on Monday , officials said , a week after North Korea said it had tested its most advanced missile as part of a weapons

Prompt 4351:
Australia , concerned about rising Chinese influence , will ban foreign political donations as part of a crackdown aimed at preventing external interference in domestic politics , Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said on Tuesday .

Prompt 4352:
Germans see U.S. President Donald Trump as a bigger challenge for German foreign policy than authoritarian leaders in North Korea , Russia or Turkey , according to a survey by the Koerber Foundation . Topping

Prompt 4353:
President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday Turkey could go as far as breaking off diplomatic ties with Israel if the United States formally recognizes Jerusalem as the Israeli capital , a move he said would

Prompt 4354:
Prime Minister Theresa May and other British officials will speak to Northern Ireland s Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) on Tuesday after a tentative deal on Brexit with the European Union over the border

Prompt 4355:
Britain s Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond said on Tuesday he was confident the EU and Britain could reach a Brexit deal in talks this week . We re very confident that we will

Prompt 4356:
President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday that Turkey will very soon completely destroy those in Syria linked to Kurdish militants . Turkey has been angered by U.S. support for Syrian Kurdish YPG fighters who have

Prompt 4357:
Moscow expects new complications in its relationship with the United States in early 2018 because of possible new U.S. sanctions on Russia , the RIA news agency cited Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as

Prompt 4358:
Southeast Asian countries must step up their fight against religious militancy taking root in their region , including in Myanmar s troubled Rakhine State , Singapore s foreign minister said on Tuesday . The minister

Prompt 4359:
The Arab League on Tuesday condemned the killing of Yemeni ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh saying his death threatened to cause an explosion in the Gulf country s security situation , Egypt s MENA state news

Prompt 4360:
A top leader of militant group al-Qaeda was killed along with 80 people in a joint military operation by Afghan army , intelligence and NATO-led forces , the South Asian nation s intelligence service said

Prompt 4361:
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the police to actively support the drugs enforcement agency in his war on drugs , his spokesman said on Tuesday . The drugs enforcement agency , known as PDEA

Prompt 4362:
Less involvement by the United States in international affairs under President Donald Trump will have an impact on Germany and its European neighbors , German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Tuesday , warning of

Prompt 4363:
Saudi Arabia has completed the main wave of arrests in its sweeping crackdown on corruption and is preparing to channel billions of dollars of seized funds into economic development projects , a Saudi minister said

Prompt 4364:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov is expected to discuss the North Korean crisis with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson during the meeting in Vienna this week , RIA news agency quoted Deputy Foreign Minister

Prompt 4365:
Hondurans spilled into the streets of the capital on Monday night , banging pots and pans and joining rebel police in defiance of a curfew imposed after a presidential election that was heavily criticized by

Prompt 4366:
New Zealand will develop a close relationship with China , Foreign Minister Winston Peters said on Tuesday , putting to rest fears that his protectionist campaign rhetoric would fuel tension with a key trading partner

Prompt 4367:
Macau has suspended a pro-democracy lawmaker for alleged disobedience after he took to the street instead of staying on a sidewalk during a protest , as activists warn suppression of civil rights is growing in

Prompt 4368:
The United Nations political affairs chief will visit North Korea this week , making the highest-level visit by a U.N. official in more than six years as tensions grip the region over Pyongyang s nuclear

Prompt 4369:
Japan is preparing to acquire precision air-launched missiles that for the first time would give it the capability to strike North Korean missile sites , two sources with direct knowledge of the matter said .

Prompt 4370:
The leader of an influential leftist bloc in Chile endorsed center-left presidential hopeful Alejandro Guillier on Monday over conservative Sebastian Pinera in next week s run-off election . Beatriz Sanchez , the flagbearer for the

Prompt 4371:
The United Nations said on Monday the Mexican government is struggling to keep journalists safe and prosecute their oppressors , after officials toured regions of the country that are among the most dangerous in the

Prompt 4372:
Brazil s prosecutor general officially presented money laundering and criminal association charges against six people , including a former federal minister and a congressman , Brazilian media reported on Monday evening . According to newspapers

Prompt 4373:
Four former and current executives of Peruvian construction companies were detained pending trial on Monday , accused of colluding with Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ ODBES.UL ] to bribe a former president . Judge Richard Concepcion

Prompt 4374:
President Donald Trump will not announce a decision on Monday on whether he will again delay moving the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem , a White House spokesman said , despite Monday s deadline

Prompt 4375:
The government of Brazil s President Michel Temer is far from assembling the coalition needed to pass a landmark pension reform , but potential supporters of the measure are now more organized , a key

Prompt 4376:
Observers can not be certain of the results of Honduras Nov. 26 presidential vote due to irregularities , errors and systematic problems , the top representative of the Organization of America States ( OAS )

Prompt 4377:
A formal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel would be the kiss of death to the two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , the Palestine Liberation Organization s chief representative in Washington

Prompt 4378:
Syrian state media on Monday said Israel had fired missiles at a Syrian military facility in the Damascus countryside , adding that Syrian air defense systems had intercepted three of the missiles . Our air

Prompt 4379:
The leader of Germany s Social Democrats ( SPD ) said on Monday he would launch talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a government next week if members of his center-left party

Prompt 4380:
French President Emmanuel Macron told U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday that he was worried about the possibility that the United States could unilaterally recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , Macron s office

Prompt 4381:
Saudi Arabia said on Monday any U.S. announcement on the status of Jerusalem before a final settlement is reached in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict would hurt the peace process and heighten regional tensions . Any U.S.

Prompt 4382:
Switzerland will return to Nigeria around $ 321 million in assets seized from the family of former military ruler Sani Abacha via a deal signed with the World Bank on Monday , the Swiss government

Prompt 4383:
The United States is calling on all sides in Yemen to re-energize political talks to end the country s civil war , a Trump administration official said on Monday , after former President Ali Abdullah

Prompt 4384:
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri will meet ministers from major powers in Paris on Friday to discuss ways of stabilizing his country a month after his shock resignation plunged it into political turmoil , three

Prompt 4385:
Lebanon s cabinet will meet on Tuesday for the first time since the country entered a political crisis a month ago when Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri offered his resignation in a broadcast from Saudi Arabia

Prompt 4386:
South African Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa has received the most nominations for leader of the ruling African National Congress ( ANC ) ahead of a party vote this month , voting data from the country

Prompt 4387:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis met Pakistan s civilian and military leaders on Monday and urged them to redouble their efforts to rein in militants accused of using the country as a base to carry

Prompt 4388:
Former Egyptian prime minister Ahmed Shafik , who returned home from the United Arab Emirates in mysterious circumstances after announcing his bid for Egypt s presidency , told Reuters on Monday he was fine but

Prompt 4389:
The African Union s plan to trim its Somalia peacekeeping force ( AMISOM ) will hurt the mission unless extra equipment is found to offset the troop decrease , the mission s leader told Reuters

Prompt 4390:
Prime Minister Theresa May failed to clinch a deal on Monday to open talks on post-Brexit free trade with the European Union after a tentative deal with Dublin to keep EU rules in Northern Ireland

Prompt 4391:
The U.S. State Department has certified that the Honduran government has been fighting corruption and supporting human rights , clearing the way for Honduras to receive millions of dollars in U.S. aid , a document

Prompt 4392:
Finland should remain militarily neutral because it helps ensure security in the Baltic Sea region , Prime Minister Juha Sipila said in an interview ahead of celebrations of the country s 100 years of independence

Prompt 4393:
Spain s Supreme Court refused bail on Monday for two Catalan pro-independence leaders accused of sedition ahead of regional elections that Madrid hopes will defuse the nation s worst political crisis in four decades .

Prompt 4394:
Saudi Arabia has pledged $ 100 million to a new regional military force battling jihadist groups in West Africa s Sahel region , force member Mali said on Monday . The contribution would be a

Prompt 4395:
More than half the ballots cast in Bolivia s judicial elections on Sunday were spoiled , or nullified , by voters , a sign that the opposition said showed dwindling support for President Evo Morales

Prompt 4396:
British Prime Minister Theresa May failed to secure a breakthrough in Brexit talks on Monday with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker . Here is a timeline of the coming 10 days that will determine whether

Prompt 4397:
Scotland , Wales and London should all benefit from any special deal given to Northern Ireland to smooth access to European Union markets after Brexit , the three regions most senior politicians said on Monday

Prompt 4398:
British negotiators were locked in last-minute talks with their European Union and Irish counterparts on Monday , trying to put together a Brexit deal that Prime Minister Theresa May might agree over lunch in Brussels

Prompt 4399:
Bangladesh plans to allocate more land for camps housing Rohingya refugees as concerns grow over a possible outbreak of disease in crowded , makeshift settlements clustered at the country s southern tip . About 625,000

Prompt 4400:
Ride-hailing app Uber [ UBER.UL ] said on Monday it was joining a global public transport association to improve mobility in the cities it operates in , although North America s largest public transit union

Prompt 4401:
Fighting and air strikes have intensified in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa , where roads are blocked and tanks are deployed on many streets , trapping civilians and halting delivery of vital aid including fuel

Prompt 4402:
Ireland is surprised and disappointed that the British government was unable to conclude a deal Dublin believed had been agreed on the future of the Northern Ireland border after Brexit , Prime Minister Leo Varadkar

Prompt 4403:
Egyptian security forces killed five suspected militants in a raid on Monday on a desert location being used by the group for training in the Nile Delta province of Sharqiya , north of Cairo ,

Prompt 4404:
Yemeni President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi called on Yemenis on Monday to rise up against the Iran-aligned Houthis after the death of former president Ali Abdullah Saleh . Speaking in a speech carried live on the

Prompt 4405:
Christian militiamen killed a Mauritanian U.N. peacekeeper in an attack on a camp for displaced people in a Central African Republic diamond-mining town on Monday , the United Nations mission there said . Fighters armed

Prompt 4406:
A Greek court on Monday ordered the detention of nine Turkish citizens pending trial for terrorism-related offences , including links to a banned militant group behind a series of suicide bombings in Turkey . Greek

Prompt 4407:
U.S. President Donald Trump has not yet made a decision on whether to formally recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital , his adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner said on Sunday , a move that would

Prompt 4408:
German police on Monday investigated further suspicious mail packages found around the country as they tried to catch an extortionist who sent a defective parcel bomb to a pharmacy in the city of Potsdam last

Prompt 4409:
It was an awkward coalition riven by political and sectarian differences , facing an elusive , fanatical enemy dug into an urban maze of narrow streets and alleyways . So , could Iraq s government

Prompt 4410:
Britain and the European Union have failed to fully agree a deal on Brexit , the BBC Europe editor said on Monday . No deal today I ve just been told # brexit , Katya

Prompt 4411:
A prominent strategist for Kenya s opposition who has strongly criticized President Uhuru Kenyatta and called for some parts of the country to secede was released on Monday after being briefly detained on suspicion of

Prompt 4412:
Bosnia must start making concrete reforms if it wants to join the European Union , or the window to becoming a member could close , the bloc s enlargement chief said on Monday . The

Prompt 4413:
The head of the Northern Irish party which props up the British government spoke to Prime Minister Theresa May on Monday shortly after telling supporters she would not allow a Brexit deal that creates regulatory

Prompt 4414:
Congolese security officials recruited more than 200 exiled rebel fighters to help suppress protests against President Joseph Kabila a year ago , ordering them to use lethal force , Human Rights Watch said in a

Prompt 4415:
French President Emmanuel Macron is likely to use a visit to Algeria on Wednesday to look to the future and turn the page on the colonial past , but stop short of apologizing for his

Prompt 4416:
The Syrian government s decision to quit peace talks last week was an embarrassment to its main supporter Russia , which wants both sides to reach a deal quickly , opposition spokesman Yahya al-Aridi said

Prompt 4417:
Corsican nationalists on Monday demanded the French government enter into negotiations over greater autonomy for the Mediterranean island after they won almost half the votes in a local election . The nationalists - split between

Prompt 4418:
Russia s justice ministry will start registering some foreign media as foreign agents this week , the RIA news agency cited a source in the Russian upper house of parliament as saying on Monday .

Prompt 4419:
A statement by Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar on the progress of Brexit talks between Britain and the European Union has been delayed , a spokesman said . He did not say what time the

Prompt 4420:
Hungary remains firmly opposed to illegal immigration and the European Union should focus efforts on protecting its external borders , Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said about an Estonian compromise proposal on asylum-seekers . Hungary s

Prompt 4421:
Yemen s steely former president of 33 years , Ali Abdullah Saleh , made his last political gamble and lost on Monday , meeting his death at the hands of the Houthi movement , his

Prompt 4422:
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro looked to the world of digital currency to circumvent U.S.-led financial sanctions , announcing on Sunday the launch of the petro backed by oil reserves to shore up a collapsed economy

Prompt 4423:
The leader of the Northern Irish party which props up Prime Minister Theresa May s minority government said the province must leave the European Union on the same terms as the rest of the United

Prompt 4424:
An agreement to keep Northern Ireland in regulatory alignment with the European Union after Brexit could be replicated in other parts of the UK , Nicola Sturgeon , the head of Scotland s devolved pro-independence

Prompt 4425:
A formal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel would cause catastrophe and lead to new conflict in the Middle East , Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag said on Monday . Speaking

Prompt 4426:
Russian prosecutors on Monday sought a sentence of 10 years in jail for ex-economy minister Alexei Ulyukayev , on trial on charges of extorting a $ 2 million bribe from Rosneft chief Igor Sechin ,

Prompt 4427:
Officials in Ali Abdullah Saleh s General People s Congress party ( GPC ) confirmed to Reuters that the former Yemeni president and party leader has been killed outside Sanaa , in what sources in

Prompt 4428:
The radio station of Yemen s Houthi-controlled Interior Ministry said on Monday that the group s rival , ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh had been killed , but there has been no independent confirmation of his

Prompt 4429:
France and Germany agree that Iran must reverse its ballistic missile program and end its hegemonic temptations across the Middle east , the French foreign minister said on Monday . We also have the same

Prompt 4430:
Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez held a lead over his main opposition rival after a partial recount of a disputed Nov. 26 presidential vote that has sparked a political crisis , the website of the

Prompt 4431:
British and European Union Brexit negotiators have reached agreement on a deal for all Irish issues , including the maintenance of regulatory alignment on the island to avoid a hard border , two Irish government

Prompt 4432:
The chairman of European Union leaders said on Monday he was encouraged by the progress of talks on avoiding a physical border between Ireland and Northern Ireland after Britain leaves the EU , which brought

Prompt 4433:
The United Nations called on Monday for a humanitarian pause in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa on Tuesday to allow civilians to leave their homes , aid workers to reach them , and the wounded

Prompt 4434:
Zimbabwe s new president Emmerson Mnangagwa swore in his cabinet on Monday , with allies defending him against criticism for giving top posts to the generals who helped his rise to power . Sworn in

Prompt 4435:
The leader of Germany s Social Democrats ( SPD ) said on Monday he would launch talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a government next week if members of his center-left party

Prompt 4436:
A Belgian judge will decide on the exercising of a European arrest warrant for ousted Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont on Dec. 14 , his lawyers said on Monday . Puigdemont and four of his ministers

Prompt 4437:
Fighting in Yemen s capital has intensified , with the known toll from three hospitals reaching at least 125 killed and 238 wounded in the past six days , the International Committee of the Red

Prompt 4438:
A state security court in Jordan on Monday sentenced one Syrian militant to death and handed life sentences to three others for their role in a suicide bombing attack on a Jordanian military border post

Prompt 4439:
Britain and the European Union have agreed a deal that ensures there will be no hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland after Brexit , the chief political correspondent of the Daily Telegraph said on

Prompt 4440:
Catalonia s pro-independence parties were seen losing their parliamentary majority in the regional election on Dec. 21 , an official poll showed on Monday . Pro-indepence party Junts per Catalunya was seen winning 25-26 seats

Prompt 4441:
France is close to finalizing major military and transport contracts during a visit by Emmanuel Macron to Qatar on Thursday , a French presidential source said . Qatar has an option to buy 12 more

Prompt 4442:
Maltese police have arrested 10 suspects in the murder of anti-corruption blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia , the country s prime minister said on Monday , almost two months after she was killed when her car

Prompt 4443:
Saudi Arabia has invited U.S. firms to take part in developing its civilian nuclear power program , Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said on Monday , adding the kingdom was not interested in diverting nuclear technology

Prompt 4444:
Britain s Brexit minister David Davis said on Monday it was vital that European Union negotiators agree to move the talks on to discuss trade , saying it was of huge value to all members

Prompt 4445:
Fighters from Yemen s armed Houthi movement blew up house the house of ex-President Ali Abdullah Saleh in the center of the capital Sanaa on Monday , residents reported , as his whereabouts remain unknown

Prompt 4446:
Switzerland released a national plan on Monday to prevent violent extremism , including training teachers and coaches to recognize warning signs and re-integrating people who have already been radicalized . The Swiss so far have

Prompt 4447:
European Council President Donald Tusk canceled a trip to Israel and the Palestinian Territories planned for this week due to a critical moment in Brexit negotiations , an EU official said on Monday . Tusk

Prompt 4448:
Russia s communications watchdog Roskomnadzor said on Monday it would respond in kind to any violations of the rights of Russian companies and media abroad , saying it had the tools to do this ,

Prompt 4449:
Ireland has made significant progress in talks with Britain on the future of the Northern Irish border , but the sides are not there yet , a spokesman for Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on

Prompt 4450:
No agreement has yet been reached between Britain and Ireland on the future of the Northern Irish border , but the breakthrough required to allow wider Brexit talks to proceed could come later on Monday

Prompt 4451:
Lawmakers of Germany s Christian Social Union ( CSU ) , the Bavarian sister party of Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives , have nominated state finance minister Markus Soeder as candidate for state premier in

Prompt 4452:
Jets believed to be Syrian and Russian struck heavily crowded residential areas in a besieged rebel enclave near Damascus , killing at least 27 people and injuring dozens in the third week of a stepped-up

Prompt 4453:
Indonesian President Joko Widodo has nominated the chief of staff of the air force to be the new head of the armed forces ( TNI ) , to replace a controversial general who is due

Prompt 4454:
South Korea and the United States launched large-scale joint aerial drills on Monday , officials said , a week after North Korea said it had tested its most advanced missile as part of a weapons

Prompt 4455:
An Australian conservative politician on Monday proposed to his long-term partner on the floor of parliament , ahead of the expected passage of a measure for same sex couples to marry . Australians overwhelmingly voted

Prompt 4456:
France should know that Iran s missile program is not an issue that can be negotiated , Iran s foreign ministry spokesman , Bahram Qassemi , said in an interview with state media on Monday

Prompt 4457:
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Monday that after two months of relative calm on the Korean peninsula , the resurfacing of tensions was regrettable . Wang , speaking to reporters at a joint

Prompt 4458:
Embattled Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull received an unexpected boost from an opinion poll on Monday that showed voters want their leaders to govern for their full terms rather than the revolving door that has

Prompt 4459:
Former Egyptian prime minister Ahmed Shafik , who returned home from the United Arab Emirates after announcing his bid for Egypt s presidency , appeared in Cairo on Sunday to say he was still considering

Prompt 4460:
Corsican nationalists won almost half of the vote in the first round of the French Mediterranean island s territorial election on Sunday , a landslide likely to fuel local calls for greater autonomy from Paris

Prompt 4461:
Former Egyptian premier Ahmed Shafik said on Sunday he was still considering his presidential bid and exploring the idea further now that he is in Egypt , according to a televised interview on Sunday in

Prompt 4462:
A Saudi-led coalition launched air strikes on Yemen s capital , Sanaa , local media said , lending support to former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh after he signaled he was abandoning his support of

Prompt 4463:
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Sunday urged warring parties in Yemen to stop all ground and air assaults and called for a resumption of all commercial imports into the country because millions of children ,

Prompt 4464:
Kenya s opposition National Super Alliance said on Sunday that one of its key strategists had been arrested in Kwale , in the country s coastal region , and that his whereabouts were unknown .

Prompt 4465:
The United States has quit negotiations on a voluntary pact to deal with migration because the global approach to the issue was simply not compatible with U.S. sovereignty , said U.S . Ambassador to the

Prompt 4466:
Former Egyptian prime minister Ahmed Shafik s lawyer said on Sunday she had met with him at a hotel in Cairo , her first contact with him since his arrival in Cairo on Saturday .

Prompt 4467:
German authorities investigating the delivery of a package containing powerful firecrackers , wires and nails to a pharmacy near a Christmas market in the city of Potsdam said on Sunday it was criminal activity rather

Prompt 4468:
The United Nations is trying to evacuate at least 140 aid workers from the Yemeni capital amid fighting that has cut off the airport road , but is awaiting approval from the Saudi-led coalition ,

Prompt 4469:
Dozens of relatives of the 44 crew members of an Argentine submarine that went missing on November 15 marched from a naval base on Sunday , demanding to know what happened and criticizing the government

Prompt 4470:
Jordan has begun consultations on convening an emergency meeting of the Arab League and the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation before an expected move this week by U.S. President Donald Trump to recognize Jerusalem as Israel

Prompt 4471:
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Sunday that a draft bill that sets limits on police investigators should be revised so it does not apply to criminal probes in which he is a suspect

Prompt 4472:
Half of Britons support a second vote on whether to leave the European Union and a majority think the government may be paying too much money to the EU to open the way to trade

Prompt 4473:
On the eve of his trip to Europe , Rex Tillerson gave a speech last week that European allies had waited months to hear : an ironclad promise of U.S. support to its oldest allies

Prompt 4474:
Nigeria s Atiku Abubakar , a former vice president and key ally of President Muhammadu Buhari , said on Sunday he had joined the country s opposition party after quitting the ruling All Progressives Congress

Prompt 4475:
Qatari Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani is expected to attend the annual summit of Gulf Arab heads of state in Kuwait on Dec. 5 and 6 , Qatar s foreign minister said on Sunday

Prompt 4476:
Republican U.S . Senator Lindsey Graham on Sunday urged the Pentagon to start moving U.S. military dependents , such as spouses and children , out of South Korea , saying conflict with North Korea is

Prompt 4477:
Pope Francis on Saturday defended his strategy of avoiding the term Rohingya in Myanmar , saying he believed he got his message across to both the civilian and military leadership without shutting down dialogue .

Prompt 4478:
A South Korean fishing boat capsized off the country s western coast on Sunday after it collided with a refueling vessel , killing eight people , South Korea s coast guard said . The boat

Prompt 4479:
Another wave of cholera could strike Yemen , where a Saudi-led coalition blockade has cut off fuel for hospitals , water pumps and vital aid supplies for starving children , the World Health Organization (

Prompt 4480:
South Africa and Morocco will resume diplomatic ties more than a decade after Morocco withdrew its ambassador from Pretoria , South African President Jacob Zuma said in a newspaper interview published on Sunday . Morocco

Prompt 4481:
The European Commission added to mounting confidence in Brussels that it is set for a Brexit deal with London when it scheduled talks with EU lawmakers ahead of a crunch meeting on Monday with Theresa

Prompt 4482:
Turkish President Erdogan said on Sunday that Turkey would not succumb to blackmail by the United States in the trial of a Turkish bank executive being charged with evading U.S. sanctions on Iran . Already

Prompt 4483:
The Syrian Kurdish YPG militia said on Sunday it had fully captured Deir al-Zor s eastern countryside from Islamic State with the help of both the U.S.-led coalition and Russia . The YPG spearheads the

Prompt 4484:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Sunday businessmen who attempted to move assets abroad were traitors , and called on his cabinet to block any such moves . I am seeing signals , news that

Prompt 4485:
It is not yet clear if Britain and the European Union can agree on written assurances to avoid a hard Northern Ireland border by a Monday deadline , Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on

Prompt 4486:
At least 21 people died in Zimbabwe s northwest province after a truck carrying 69 people overturned on Saturday evening , police said on Sunday . A police spokesman said several other people were injured

Prompt 4487:
France won t let the official base of the European Union s parliament be moved from Strasbourg to Brussels , the country s European affairs minister Nathalie Loiseau said on Sunday . Strasbourg must remain

Prompt 4488:
British Prime Minister Theresa May meets European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker for lunch in Brussels on Monday for what could be a breakthrough in Brexit talks . Here is a timeline of the following 10

Prompt 4489:
Chinese police have detained 11 people in connection with a deadly skyscraper fire in the northern port city of Tianjin , the municipal government said on Sunday , after an investigation found numerous fire code

Prompt 4490:
Nigeria s government has a plan for the northeast , torn apart by eight years of conflict with Boko Haram : displaced people will be housed in fortified garrison towns , ringed by farms ,

Prompt 4491:
The United Arab Emirates on Sunday denied a report that Yemen s Houthi group had fired a missile toward a nuclear plant in the UAE , state news agency WAM reported on its Twitter account

Prompt 4492:
Yemen s Houthi group has fired a cruise missile toward a nuclear power plant in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates , the group s television service reported on its website on Sunday ,

Prompt 4493:
All four members of the British government s Social Mobility Commission have quit accusing Prime Minister Theresa May of being too fixated on Brexit to improve the prospects of those from poor backgrounds . May

Prompt 4494:
The commander of the Taliban s special forces branch , known as the Red Unit , was killed last week in Helmand province by Afghan forces , according to Afghanistan s main intelligence agency .

Prompt 4495:
Malian soldiers killed by a French military strike in northern Mali in October were hostages of Islamist militants , not deserters turned jihadists as French authorities say , Mali s president said in a newspaper

Prompt 4496:
U.S. Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo said on Saturday he sent a letter to Iranian Major General Qassem Soleimani and Iranian leaders expressing concern regarding Iran s increasingly threatening behavior in Iraq . Speaking

Prompt 4497:
Australia s embattled conservative Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has shaken off speculation about the security of his leadership , declaring on Sunday he will lead his coalition government into the next election in 2019 .

Prompt 4498:
Honduran security forces fanned out on Saturday to enforce a curfew as sporadic demonstrations continued over a contested presidential election that triggered violent protests that have killed at least three people . Hundreds have been

Prompt 4499:
Since U.S. forces began stepping up air strikes against the Taliban , Kunduz shopkeeper Najibullah no longer fears another insurgent takeover of the northern Afghan city . But he does fear robbery or kidnap by

Prompt 4500:
About 20,000 Israelis demonstrated in Tel Aviv on Saturday against government corruption and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who is under criminal investigation over allegations of abuse of office . The demonstration was by far the

Prompt 4501:
Members of Venezuela s government and opposition coalition failed to reach a deal in a new round of talks in the Dominican Republic on Saturday aimed at resolving the OPEC nation s protracted political crisis

Prompt 4502:
Australia s former Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce will return to parliament after he won an essential by-election for his seat , just over a month after he was kicked out over a dual citizenship

Prompt 4503:
Pope Francis on Saturday urged world leaders to turn back from the brink of possible human annihilation , suggesting that some of them had an irrational attitude towards nuclear weapons . The pope made his

Prompt 4504:
Any move by the United States to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital would fuel extremism and violence , Arab League Secretary-General Ahmed Aboul Gheit said on Saturday . He spoke a day after a

Prompt 4505:
Members of the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) party elected a right-wing nationalist to be their co-leader on Saturday , signaling a possible toughening of tone before regional votes next year . A

Prompt 4506:
French President Emmanuel Macron on Saturday called on Iraq to dismantle all militias , including the government-sanctioned , Iran-backed Popular Mobilisation Forces ( PMF ) , a rare public call to do so by a

Prompt 4507:
Romanian protesters clashed with riot police on Saturday when they stopped construction workers from building a Christmas fair at the site of anti-corruption demonstrations in Bucharest . Victory Square saw big street protests at the

Prompt 4508:
Former Brazilian senator and environmental minister Marina Silva said on Saturday that she would seek her party s nomination to run for president next year . Silva announced her plans at a meeting of her

Prompt 4509:
Support from business leaders for Peru s President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski has plummeted , a survey showed , as he spars with an opposition-controlled Congress and struggles to revive economic growth . The survey by

Prompt 4510:
Former Egyptian prime minister Ahmed Shafik , whose family say was deported from the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) , arrived in Cairo on Saturday , airport sources said . In a surprise announcement

Prompt 4511:
When Italy organized a conference focused on the Middle East , the Gulf and North Africa , it promised to look beyond the turmoil roiling the region and instead promote a positive agenda . But

Prompt 4512:
Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh said on Saturday he was ready for a new page in relations with the Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen if it stopped attacks on his country . The call

Prompt 4513:
Former Egyptian prime minister Ahmed Shafik has left the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) for Egypt but his family has remained behind , UAE news agency WAM reported on Saturday . General Ahmed Shafik

Prompt 4514:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday that as offensive operations against Islamic State in Syria entered their final stages , he expected the focus to move towards holding territory instead of arming Syrian

Prompt 4515:
United Nations Security Council ministers will meet on Dec. 15 to discuss North Korea s nuclear and missiles programs and the body will also meet separately this month to discuss human rights abuses in the

Prompt 4516:
Courts in the United States can not put Turkey on trial , Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Saturday , in reference to the case of a Turkish bank executive who has been charged with

Prompt 4517:
Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers have killed at least 13 other people in an attack on a market in the northeast Nigerian town of Biu in Borno state , officials said on Saturday . The

Prompt 4518:
Police in Tanzania have arrested a woman after a video clip showing her kissing and embracing another woman at a party was widely shared online , a senior official said . Homosexuality is a criminal

Prompt 4519:
Australia s former deputy prime minister Barnaby Joyce cleared the way for his return to parliament on Saturday , winning a by-election just over a month after he was kicked out over a dual citizenship

Prompt 4520:
Zimbabwe s new president Emmerson Mnangagwa dropped his education minister , a day after reappointing him to a cabinet which gave top posts to senior military officials in what was widely seen as a reward

Prompt 4521:
Pope Francis ended a diplomatically tricky trip to Asia on Saturday , seeking the forgiveness of Rohingya Muslim refugees in Bangladesh after his controversial decision to not directly refer to their plight when he visited

Prompt 4522:
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen has pulled back from a threat to close a human rights group founded by the detained opposition leader Kem Sokha , a pro-government website said on Saturday . The move

Prompt 4523:
Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh on Saturday called on the Saudi-led coalition to pave the way for an end to nearly three years of war by ceasing attacks and lifting a siege . Saleh

Prompt 4524:
The Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen said on Saturday it was confident that leaders of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh s General People s Congress Party ( GPC ) would return to the Arab

Prompt 4525:
Airlines canceled more flights departing the Indonesian holiday island of Bali on Saturday , citing forecasts of deteriorating flying conditions due to a risk of volcanic ash from the erupting Mount Agung volcano . A

Prompt 4526:
Cyclone Ockhi barrelled into the Lakshwadeep islands in southwestern India on Saturday after drenching the neighboring states of Kerala and Tamil Nadu , claiming so far around 14 lives with many fishermen still feared trapped

Prompt 4527:
Israeli missiles struck a military position near Damascus and Syria s air defence system responded on Saturday , destroying two of them , Syrian state television said . The Israeli enemy launched ... several surface-to-surface

Prompt 4528:
Israeli missiles struck a military position near Damascus overnight and Syria s air defense system thwarted them , Syrian state television said on Saturday . The blatant assault led to material losses at the site

Prompt 4529:
Backers of a U.S.-Russian plan to build nuclear reactors across the Middle East bragged after the U.S. election they had backing from Donald Trump s national security adviser Michael Flynn for a project that required

Prompt 4530:
A Canadian judge on Friday suspended part of a Quebec law banning people from wearing full-face veils when giving or receiving public services , handing a provisional victory to civil liberties groups who argued that

Prompt 4531:
At least one protester died , over 20 people were injured and more than 100 others were arrested for looting in Honduras after a delayed and disputed presidential vote count sparked unrest amid opposition accusations

Prompt 4532:
Venezuela has arrested Diego Salazar , a relative of former oil czar Rafael Ramirez , as part of an investigation into a money laundering scandal in Andorra , the South American country s state prosecutor

Prompt 4533:
Days before masked agents arrested him , family and friends pleaded with Eulogio Del Pino to flee , warning that he could be next among executives detained or pursued , one after another , in

Prompt 4534:
The leader of Germany s Social Democrats ( SPD ) said on Friday he ruled out no option for forming a new government but stressed that a re-run of the outgoing grand coalition with Chancellor

Prompt 4535:
Kosovo s Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj was removed from an international arrest warrant issued by Serbia , lifting an obstacle to him travelling outside the country , the justice minister said on Friday . Early

Prompt 4536:
Members of Venezuela s leftist government and opposition coalition began a new round of talks in the Dominican Republic on Friday aimed at resolving the OPEC nation s long-running and often bloody political standoff .

Prompt 4537:
President Donald Trump is likely to announce next week that the United States recognizes Jerusalem as Israel s capital , a senior administration official said on Friday , a move that would upend decades of

Prompt 4538:
Bosnian Croat war crimes convict Slobodan Praljak used cyanide to kill himself in court after losing his appeal , according to preliminary autopsy findings , Dutch prosecutors said on Friday . Praljak , 72 ,

Prompt 4539:
A Turkish professor who has been on hunger strike since losing her job in a purge following last year s failed coup was convicted on Friday of belonging to a banned far-left group but the

Prompt 4540:
German police on Friday secured a device full of wires and nails found near an outdoor Christmas market in the city of Potsdam , but could not establish whether it had contained explosives . Germany

Prompt 4541:
A preliminary autopsy indicates that Bosnian Croat war crimes convict Slobodan Praljak died of cyanide poisoning , Dutch prosecutors said on Friday . Praljak said he had taken poison in the courtroom immediately after his

Prompt 4542:
People wounded in an attack on a mosque in Egypt s North Sinai region that killed more than 230 returned to the site to pray on Friday and a top Muslim leader urged the army

Prompt 4543:
The German government is considering legal changes that would oblige operators of car and house alarm systems to help law enforcement in their efforts to spy on potential terrorists or criminals , a spokesman for

Prompt 4544:
Saudi Arabia s foreign minister said on Friday that Lebanon had been hijacked by Hezbollah and could only flourish if the Iranian-backed group disarmed . The Shi ite Muslim militia was set up by the

Prompt 4545:
A breakthrough on the future of the Irish border once Britain leaves the European Union is doable before a key EU summit in two weeks time but the negotiating teams are not there yet ,

Prompt 4546:
The key to British hopes of moving on to talks on trade ties with the European Union after it quits the bloc lies in Dublin , the European Council president said on Friday as Ireland

Prompt 4547:
Argentina will not increase defense spending , despite the loss of a submarine with 44 crew aboard that has sparked criticism of the state of its armed forces , a close ally of President Mauricio

Prompt 4548:
Honduras will publish the final result for last Sunday s presidential election at 9 p.m. ( 0300 GMT ) on Friday , said the head of the country s electoral tribunal , David Matamoros .

Prompt 4549:
North Korea s latest missile test puts Washington within range , but Pyongyang still needs to prove it has mastered critical missile technology , such as re-entry , terminal stage guidance and warhead activation ,

Prompt 4550:
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Friday that a U.S. threat to destroy North Korea in the event of a war was a bloodthirsty tirade and military action against Pyongyang would be a big

Prompt 4551:
U.S. President Donald Trump dismissed a Chinese diplomatic effort to rein in North Korea s weapons program as a failure on Thursday , while Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Beijing was doing a lot

Prompt 4552:
Russian lawmakers who visited Pyongyang said North Korea was not prepared to disarm , and while it did not want nuclear war it is morally ready for it , Russia s RIA news agency reported

Prompt 4553:
Forensic scientists have identified the remains of 88 Argentine soldiers buried in anonymous graves on the Falkland Islands after the country s 1982 conflict with Britain , the International Committee of the Red Cross (

Prompt 4554:
The United States remains committed to the Libyan Political Agreement , the State Department said in a statement following U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s meeting with Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj on Friday

Prompt 4555:
Syria s government delegation quit U.N.-led peace talks in Geneva on Friday and said it would not return next week unless the opposition withdrew a statement demanding President Bashar al-Assad play no role in any

Prompt 4556:
Turkey cast the testimony of a wealthy gold trader in a U.S. court as an attempt to undermine Ankara and its economy on Friday , highlighting how President Tayyip Erdogan may use the politically charged

Prompt 4557:
Turkey is to seize the assets of a Turkish-Iranian gold trader who is a key witness in the trial of a Turkish bank executive in the United States over violations of Iran sanctions , the

Prompt 4558:
The United Nations appealed on Friday to the Saudi-led military coalition to fully lift its blockade of Yemen , saying up to eight million people were right on the brink of famine . Earlier this

Prompt 4559:
A judge will give his ruling on Monday on whether eight pro-independence Catalan politicians charged with sedition should be released from custody so they can contest a regional election set for Dec. 21 , judicial

Prompt 4560:
Muslim cattle herders are suspected of killing four police officers in the northeastern Nigerian state of Adamawa , a police official said on Friday . The four officers were killed on Thursday night defending a

Prompt 4561:
Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said on Friday that the British government must produce credible , concrete solutions in the coming days to ensure there will be no hard border in Ireland if it wants

Prompt 4562:
Tayyip Erdogan will travel to Greece on Dec. 7-8 , Greek sources said on Friday , in the first visit by a Turkish president in decades that have seen ties at times severely strained over

Prompt 4563:
The Syrian government envoy to U.N.-backed peace talks in Geneva said on Friday that Saudi Arabia had mined the way to the meeting and did not want a political solution to the conflict . The

Prompt 4564:
Zimbabwe President Emmerson Mnangagwa appointed senior military officials to top posts in his first cabinet on Friday in what was widely seen as a reward for the army s role in the removal of his

Prompt 4565:
Pope Francis had an emotional meeting with Muslim refugees from Myanmar in Bangladesh on Friday and used the word Rohingya to describe them for the first time on his Asian trip , calling for them

Prompt 4566:
Britain s Prince Harry and his American fiancee Meghan Markle delighted cheering crowds who braved the cold on Friday to watch the couple on their first official engagement together . Queen Elizabeth s grandson Harry

Prompt 4567:
Northern Irish sheep farmers like John Sheridan collectively transport more than 1,000 lambs a day over the Irish border for slaughter and shipment to shoppers across the European Union . At the moment , the

Prompt 4568:
The next two weeks will determine whether Britain avoids further costly delays in giving business assurances of a smooth exit from the European Union and free trade in the future . Following is a timeline

Prompt 4569:
Two men suspected of having fought for an al Qaeda-linked group in Syria were among four Syrian migrants arrested in the Netherlands , Dutch authorities said on Friday . The national prosecutor s office said

Prompt 4570:
U.S. firms attracted by Saudi Arabia s plans to build nuclear reactors are pushing Washington to restart talks with Riyadh on an agreement to help the kingdom develop atomic energy , three industry sources said

Prompt 4571:
Egyptian billionaire businessman Naguib Sawiris condemned on Friday a crackdown on graft in Saudi Arabia , saying the purge had undermined the rule of law in the Kingdom and would deter investment . In unusually

Prompt 4572:
At least 3 migrants , two of them women , died when their boat sank off Morocco late on Thursday , a Moroccan official said on Friday . Four migrants from sub-Saharan countries were rescued

Prompt 4573:
Pakistani Taliban gunmen disguised in all-enveloping burqas stormed the campus of an agricultural college in Pakistan on Friday , killing at least nine people and wounding 35 , police and hospital officials said . Police

Prompt 4574:
Turkish authorities have issued an arrest warrant for a former officer of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) over suspected links to last year s failed coup , the Hurriyet daily said on

Prompt 4575:
Russian lawmakers are to discuss a proposal to bar representatives of U.S. media organizations from accessing the lower house of parliament , RIA news agency quoted the chair of one of the chamber s committees

Prompt 4576:
U.S . Ambassador to Russia Jon Huntsman has been forced to cancel a planned trip to Russia s Far East next week because senior regional officials could not find time to meet him , the

Prompt 4577:
Kurdish-led authorities held local elections on Friday in areas they control in northern Syria , pushing ahead with autonomy plans opposed by both the government of President Bashar al-Assad and by Turkey . Kurdish forces

Prompt 4578:
A Zimbabwean court has postponed former finance minister Ignatius Chombo s bail hearing to next Tuesday , state radio reported on Friday . The High Court had been due to sit for the hearing on

Prompt 4579:
Customers at a new charity shop in London walk away empty-handed and any money they spend goes to assist refugees in Europe and the Middle East . The Choose Love shop , run by the

Prompt 4580:
Allegations of wrongdoing by Turkey s political and financial leaders have transfixed the country this week , but with some newspapers focusing instead on courtroom conspiracies and clothes , many Turks have been left hungry

Prompt 4581:
Syrian insurgents brought down an army helicopter in southwest Syria on Friday , near the Israel-occupied Golan Heights , a war monitoring group said . The Syrian military could not immediately be reached for comment

Prompt 4582:
Germany is withdrawing a third diplomat from its embassy in North Korea over increasing concerns about Pyongyang s missile program , Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Thursday , a day after Pyongyang test fired

Prompt 4583:
A strong earthquake of magnitude 6.0 struck southeastern Iran on Friday , injuring at least 42 people and destroying several homes in an area where most people live in villages of mud-walled homes . State

Prompt 4584:
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said on Friday he would use all means necessary , including secret services , to combat what he called efforts to undermine him by U.S. financier George Soros . Soros

Prompt 4585:
A 27-year-old Rohingya Muslim woman refugee from Myanmar will meet Pope Francis on Friday in the hope he can help her find justice for the abuse she says she suffered at the hands of Myanmar

Prompt 4586:
When a Taliban commander defected to Islamic State in northern Afghanistan a few months ago , his men and the foreign fighters he invited in started to enslave local women and set up a bomb-making

Prompt 4587:
China will not export its political system , President Xi Jinping told a forum for foreign political groups on Friday , as the ruling Communist Party seeks to boost its global image and take a

Prompt 4588:
Three senior Brazilian law enforcement officials , including the former prosecutor general , said new leaders of the federal police and prosecutors offices are curbing an anti-corruption drive that challenged centuries of impunity in Latin

Prompt 4589:
Britain s opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn warned Morgan Stanley that bankers are right to regard him as a threat because he wants to transform what he cast as a rigged economy that profits speculators

Prompt 4590:
Austria s new conservative-far right ruling coalition is likely to be sworn in on Dec. 20 , an informed source said on Friday , marking a victory for nationalists so far shut out of government

Prompt 4591:
Militants seeking independence for Cameroon s English-speaking regions killed four soldiers and two policemen in attacks this week , President Paul Biya said late on Thursday , vowing to eliminate the secessionists as a threat

Prompt 4592:
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi s strongest potential challenger in the country s 2018 election plans to return from exile in the coming weeks , his daughter said on Friday . Ahmed Shafik , a

Prompt 4593:
A Swiss federal court has dismissed the asylum appeal of a woman convicted in Spain of supporting the Basque separatist group ETA , but said she was now free to remain in Switzerland after Madrid

Prompt 4594:
Norway and Germany have agreed to develop a common missile for their navies based on Kongsberg Gruppen s Naval Strike Missile ( NSM ) , the Norwegian defense ministry said on Friday . It did

Prompt 4595:
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said at a meeting with businesses on Friday that it will become harder to muster votes in parliament for reformist legislation as elections approach . Ukraine is due to go to

Prompt 4596:
The United Nations appealed on Friday to the Saudi-led military coalition to fully lift its blockade of Yemen , saying up to eight million people were right on the brink of famine . Earlier this

Prompt 4597:
The Kremlin said on Friday it fully understood why the Russian lower house of parliament planned to discuss banning representatives of U.S. media organizations in retaliation for what it says is U.S. mistreatment of Russian

Prompt 4598:
A window appeared to be closing on Friday for travelers stranded on the Indonesian holiday island of Bali as airlines cut back on flights , fearing a return of plumes of volcanic ash . An

Prompt 4599:
A Philippine college fraternity used its annual naked run on Friday to protest against President Rodrigo Duterte s brutal war on drugs and the imposition of martial law in the south in the army s

Prompt 4600:
A former Islamic State fighter suspected of masterminding a deadly attack on Istanbul airport in 2016 was killed during a special operation in ex-Soviet Georgia last week , a spokeswoman for Georgia s state security

Prompt 4601:
The North Korean soldier critically wounded when making a dash to the south last month may have cheated death , but even as his health improves , he is months if not years away from

Prompt 4602:
Argentina has given up on rescuing 44 crew members on a submarine that disappeared 15 days ago , though it will continue the search for the vessel with international assistance , a navy spokesman said

Prompt 4603:
Kim Jong Nam , the murdered half-brother of North Korea s leader , had a dozen vials of antidote for lethal nerve agent VX in his sling bag on the day he was poisoned ,

Prompt 4604:
Emperor Akihito , who has spent much of his nearly three decades on Japan s throne seeking to soothe the wounds of World War Two , will step down on April 30 , 2019 -

Prompt 4605:
Eight former Catalan cabinet members currently in custody awaiting trial will appear before the Supreme Court on Friday , after requesting their release ahead of a regional election Dec. 21 in the wake of a

Prompt 4606:
Pope Francis celebrated a huge outdoor Mass on Friday to ordain new priests from Bangladesh on his first full day in the country where he is due to meet Muslim Rohingya refugees from Myanmar later

Prompt 4607:
A Turkish-Iranian gold trader on Thursday told jurors in a New York federal court that Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan authorized a transaction in a scheme to help Iran evade U.S. sanctions . Reza Zarrab

Prompt 4608:
Ireland wants re-assurance from Britain there will be no regulatory divergence between it and Northern Ireland after Brexit , Foreign Minister Simon Coveney told BBC radio on Friday . He said Ireland wanted to achieve

Prompt 4609:
President Donald Trump is considering recognition of Jerusalem as Israel s capital , a move that could upend decades of American policy and ratchet up Middle East tensions , but is expected to again delay

Prompt 4610:
A Japanese court sentenced a former U.S. military base worker to life in prison on Friday for the rape and murder of a woman on the southern island of Okinawa , public broadcaster NHK reported

Prompt 4611:
Turkey s Vakifbank said on Friday it had never had any interest or involvement whatsoever in any of the processes mentioned in the U.S. trial of a Turkish bank executive accused of helping to launder

Prompt 4612:
Honduran police fired tear gas at rock-hurling protesters on Thursday after a contentious presidential election that looks set to drag on for two more days without a clear winner , deepening the political crisis in

Prompt 4613:
A skyscraper fire in the northern Chinese port city of Tianjin killed 10 and injured five early on Friday , state media reported . The fire broke out around 4 a.m. on the 38th floor

Prompt 4614:
The European Union on Thursday condemned the killing of a female Mexican prosecutor who specialized in violence against women , as the country grapples with its worst murder rate in two decades , including a

Prompt 4615:
A Vietnamese court on Thursday upheld a 10-year jail sentence for a prominent blogger convicted of publishing propaganda against the state , her lawyer said , the latest move in a crackdown on critics of

Prompt 4616:
A special panel to debate the timing of Emperor Akihito s abdication , Japan s first in nearly two centuries , meets on Friday , setting the stage for a formal decision by the government

Prompt 4617:
Bolivian President Evo Morales said on Thursday that opposition from the United States convinced him to run for a fourth term in 2019 , spurring a second day of protests after the constitutional court eliminated

Prompt 4618:
Images released by North Korea on Thursday appeared to show it has succeeded in developing a missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon anywhere in the United States and it could be only two or

Prompt 4619:
Chinese customs authorities handled 2,773 cases of smuggling in the first 10 months of this year , part of a nationwide crackdown , the China Daily reported on Friday citing a senior official . The

Prompt 4620:
Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez extended the lead over his rival to just over one percentage point in a seesawing , delayed vote count for a presidential election that has sparked a political crisis ,

Prompt 4621:
Britain s intention to avoid a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland after Brexit is inconsistent with its plan to withdraw from the European Union s single market and customs union , a committee

Prompt 4622:
Argentina revoked the credentials of some activists who had been accredited by the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) to attend its ministerial meeting taking place in Buenos Aires next month , the foreign ministry

Prompt 4623:
Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj said on Thursday that he was hopeful that a U.N.-imposed arms embargo would be partially lifted against some branches of the country s military . The Libyan government is allowed

Prompt 4624:
Remnants of four ballistic missiles fired into Saudi Arabia by Yemen s Houthi rebels this year appear to have been designed and manufactured by Riyadh s regional rival Iran , a confidential report by United

Prompt 4625:
Germany s Social Democrat ( SPD ) Foreign Minister said on Thursday that his party would not be quick to agree to another grand coalition with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives , as party leaders

Prompt 4626:
A coalition of Chilean leftist parties on Thursday challenged presidential contender Alejandro Guillier to clarify his social and economic policies , withholding the outright endorsement sought by the center-left candidate . Beatriz Sanchez , the

Prompt 4627:
An Israeli and a Palestinian were killed on Thursday in two separate incidents in Israel and the occupied West Bank , officials said . An Israeli man was stabbed to death in the southern Israeli

Prompt 4628:
The government of Niger has approved the use of armed American drones , a U.S. official said on Thursday , expanding the U.S. ability to target militants in the region . Reuters had already reported

Prompt 4629:
Three fighters from forces loyal to the former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh were killed in a second day of clashes with their own allies from the Houthi movement in the capital Sanaa , Saleh

Prompt 4630:
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Thursday that he still had confidence in diplomatic efforts on North Korea and the United States would be unrelenting in working through the United Nations . I am

Prompt 4631:
There will never again be a border dividing Northern Ireland and the republic , a British minister said days before a summit at which the Irish border issue threatens to derail Britain s Brexit plans

Prompt 4632:
The U.S. State Department urged Venezuela on Thursday to immediately release Josh Holt , a U.S. citizen who has been detained without charges for nearly a year and a half and is in deteriorating health

Prompt 4633:
The son of a Russian lawmaker was sentenced to 14 years in prison on Thursday for his role in a cyber crime ring that stole and sold people s credit card numbers , the U.S.

Prompt 4634:
Venezuelan authorities on Thursday arrested two once-powerful officials who had run the oil ministry and state energy company PDVSA as part of a deepening industry purge also seen as a power play by leftist President

Prompt 4635:
Representatives of Syria s warring sides sat just meters apart in separate rooms at U.N. peace talks on Thursday , but mediator Staffan de Mistura stopped short of bringing them together in what diplomats had

Prompt 4636:
The United Nations said on Thursday that it was extending a round of Syria talks in Geneva until Dec. 15 aimed at shaping a political solution to end the war , but that the presidency

Prompt 4637:
A ballistic missile fired by Yemen s armed Houthi group at Saudi Arabia was shot down on Thursday near the south-western city of Khamis Mushait , the Saudi-owned al-Arabiya channel reported . It was the

Prompt 4638:
Venezuela s former Oil Minister Eulogio Del Pino , in video shot before his detention and published on his Twitter account on Thursday , said he had been a victim of an unjustified attack .

Prompt 4639:
Former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi was ordered on Thursday to stand trial accused of bribing a witness in a 2013 under-aged prostitution case , a legal source said . Berlusconi , leader of the

Prompt 4640:
France has stopped a large shipment of Belarus mushrooms contaminated with low-level radioactivity probably from Chernobyl and not linked to a radioactive cloud that appeared in southern Russia last month , officials said on Thursday

Prompt 4641:
Finance ministers from Latvia , Luxembourg , Portugal and Slovakia bid on Thursday to replace Jeroen Dijsselbloem as the head of the euro zone finance ministers , the Eurogroup , before a vote next week

Prompt 4642:
Drone owners in Europe will have to register their devices if dangerous and aircraft makers ensure that black box recordings can be downloaded in real-time if a plane is in distress under a sweeping reform

Prompt 4643:
The European Union has agreed a financial settlement with Britain , a senior EU official told Reuters on Thursday , under which London has committed to paying a set share of EU budgets after Britain

Prompt 4644:
Turkish lender Ziraat Bank denied allegations made on Thursday by a Turkish-Iranian gold trader in a New York court who said Ziraat sought to take part in an Iranian money laundering scheme , a senior

Prompt 4645:
Pope Francis called on Thursday for decisive measures to resolve the political reasons that caused mostly Muslim refugees in Myanmar to flee to Bangladesh and urged countries to help the Dhaka government deal with the

Prompt 4646:
The European Union , United Nations and African Union have agreed to an emergency plan to dismantle people-smuggling networks and repatriate stranded migrants , in an effort to ease a human rights disaster in Libya

Prompt 4647:
Even by the volatile and violent standards of recent times in Venezuela , 2017 was an exceptional year , a perfect storm of political and economic crisis . Going into a fourth year of crippling

Prompt 4648:
U.S. President Donald Trump s policies in the Gulf are dangerous and misguided , Iran s foreign minister said on Thursday , adding that pressure from Washington had only succeeded in strengthening Tehran s resolve

Prompt 4649:
More than 500 people were killed in twin bomb blasts in Mogadishu in October , a Somali committee looking into the attack said on Thursday , raising the death toll from at least 358 .

Prompt 4650:
Jordan will not allow Israel to reopen its embassy in Amman until it has launched legal proceedings against an Israeli security guard who shot dead two Jordanian citizens in July , a Jordanian diplomatic source

Prompt 4651:
U.S. President Donald Trump spoke to South Korean President Moon Jae-In on Thursday for the second time since North Korea launched its latest missile to discuss their response , the White House said . The

Prompt 4652:
A video appearing to show men auctioned as slaves in Tripoli has put a long history of abuses against refugees and migrants there on the international agenda , the United Nations refugee chief said on

Prompt 4653:
Humanitarian crises around the world will worsen next year with no let-up in African civil wars , near-famines in conflict-ridden regions and the threat of Islamist violence , a Geneva-based think-tank predicted in a report

Prompt 4654:
The newly unveiled presidential contender of Mexico s ruling party , Jose Antonio Meade , lags his main rival , leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , by some 14 percentage points , an opinion poll

Prompt 4655:
Ireland needs Britain to provide significantly more clarity on its plans for the Irish border , Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Thursday , denting hopes that London was on the verge of a deal

Prompt 4656:
A man was jailed for 10 years for rape by a Swedish court on Thursday for forcing 27 children from the United States , Canada and Britain to perform sex acts on themselves or with

Prompt 4657:
The European Union is set to cut up to 175 million euros for Turkey in 2018 that are linked to Ankara s stalled bid to join the bloc and could block some 3.5 billion euros

Prompt 4658:
A Spanish court has ordered the imprisonment of a former El Salvadoran army colonel for participating in the murder of five Spanish Jesuits in 1989 during the Central American country s civil war , a

Prompt 4659:
French President Emmanuel Macron has a reputation for disarming hostile audiences with repartee and humor , but his latest verbal jousting on a trip to Africa has drawn criticism at home . In an interview

Prompt 4660:
U.S. President Donald Trump sparked outrage in Britain on Thursday with a sharp rebuke of Prime Minister Theresa May on Twitter after she criticized him for retweeting British far-right anti-Islam videos . As British politicians

Prompt 4661:
In a thinly veiled reference to U.S. President Donald Trump , the top U.N. human rights official on Thursday condemned populists who spread hatred through tweets . Britain criticised Trump on Wednesday after he retweeted

Prompt 4662:
Israeli tanks and aircraft struck militant positions in the Gaza Strip on Thursday soon after Palestinian militants fired mortar shells at an Israeli military post close to the territory , the Israeli army said .

Prompt 4663:
More than 400 U.S. Marines and their artillery are leaving Syria after helping to capture the city of Raqqa from Islamic State , the U.S.-led coalition fighting the militant group said on Thursday . Last

Prompt 4664:
Greek authorities on Thursday moved a few hundred asylum-seekers from the island of Lesbos to the mainland in an effort to ease overcrowding in its camps . Thousands of asylum-seekers have become stranded on Lesbos

Prompt 4665:
Turkish prosecutors said on Thursday they were investigating allegations that President Tayyip Erdogan s family moved millions of dollars abroad to avoid taxes , saying there were doubts about the authenticity of documents behind the

Prompt 4666:
The United Nations called on world powers on Thursday to help arrange the medical evacuation of 500 people , including 167 children , from eastern Ghouta , saying the besieged Damascus suburb has now become

Prompt 4667:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel told Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan on Thursday that she would work to speed up the transfer of financial assistance promised by the European Union to Turkey as part of a migrant

Prompt 4668:
French President Emmanuel Macron fears Islamist militants have scored military and symbolic victories in West Africa while a regional military force has struggled to get off the ground , a French presidential source said on

Prompt 4669:
Venezuela s state prosecutor confirmed on Thursday that former oil bosses Eulogio Del Pino and Nelson Martinez were detained in the early hours of Thursday as part of a sweeping graft probe that is ridding

Prompt 4670:
South Korea s President Moon Jae-in said on Thursday a missile launched this week by North Korea was the most advanced of Pyongyang s arsenal , but said that the isolated state still needed to

Prompt 4671:
Austrian Finance Minister Hans Joerg Schelling said on Thursday he would not serve in the next coalition government being put together by the leader of his conservative party , Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz . Schelling

Prompt 4672:
Bangladesh could start relocating Rohingya Muslim refugees to a flood-prone island off its coast in the middle of next year , a government official said on Thursday , as it pushes ahead with the plan

Prompt 4673:
British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Thursday that U.S. President Donald Trump was wrong to retweet a video from a far-right British group which she said was hateful and spreads division . Trump sparked

Prompt 4674:
The Nobel Peace Prize winner s campaign to ban nuclear weapons will not make the world more peaceful , the U.S. Embassy in Norway said , confirming its top diplomat will not attend next month

Prompt 4675:
Turkish lender Aktif Bank said on Thursday it had not violated any U.S. or international sanctions , after it was mentioned in the U.S. case regarding Iran sanctions violations . Turkish gold trader Reza Zarrab

Prompt 4676:
The Kremlin on Thursday called a U.S. decision to withdraw the Congressional press credentials of Russia s RT broadcaster because of its status as a foreign agent in the United States an unfriendly step .

Prompt 4677:
A Finnish court banned neo-Nazi group the Nordic Resistance Movement ( PVL ) on Thursday , saying there was an urgent social need to shut down the group which it said spread hate speech and

Prompt 4678:
China is financing billions of dollars worth of Chinese-led projects in Iran , making deep inroads into the economy while European competitors struggle to find banks willing to fund their ambitions , Iranian government and

Prompt 4679:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Thursday welcomed Chinese efforts toward North Korea amid tensions over Pyongyang s nuclear weapons program , but said Beijing could do more with its oil exports to pressure

Prompt 4680:
Pope Francis on Thursday called for decisive measures to resolve the political crisis causing mostly Muslim refugees from neighboring Myanmar to flee to Bangladesh . But , just as in the first leg of his

Prompt 4681:
The threat of new U.S. sanctions has spread anxiety among Russia s wealthiest people that their association with President Vladimir Putin could land them on a U.S. government blacklist , members of the business elite

Prompt 4682:
The United States warned North Korea s leadership it would be utterly destroyed if war were to break out after Pyongyang test fired its most advanced missile , putting the U.S. mainland within range ,

Prompt 4683:
Prime Minister Theresa May on Thursday underlined Britain s support for the nuclear deal concluded with Iran which came into force in October 2015 . We must stand firm in our support for the ...

Prompt 4684:
Britain s ambassador to the United States discussed a row over retweets sent by President Donald Trump with senior White House officials on Wednesday , a British government source said on Thursday . The source

Prompt 4685:
When Iran declared victory over Islamic State in Syria and Iraq , it hailed the strong and pivotal role played by Lebanon s Hezbollah movement . The praise , contained in a top general s

Prompt 4686:
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Thursday that U.S.-Russia ties were the worst he could recall , but that U.S. President Donald Trump struck him as a friendly person keen to establish positive working

Prompt 4687:
Turkey s Denizbank said on Thursday it did not have any dealings with the shipping group owned by gold trader Reza Zarrab , who is testifying in a U.S. federal court after pleading guilty to

Prompt 4688:
Turkish state lender Halkbank on Thursday denied allegations that it was involved in illegal transactions designed to help Iran avoid U.S. sanctions , following testimony in New York against its former deputy general manager .

Prompt 4689:
China s envoy to North Korea appears to have had little impact in addressing tensions with North Korea , U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday after Pyongyang test fired its most advanced missile earlier this

Prompt 4690:
The Kremlin said on Thursday that the main question now is finding a solution to the North Korea crisis rather then cutting all ties with Pyongyang . U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki

Prompt 4691:
The Kremlin said on Thursday it was confident the United States was using sanctions in an attempt to turn Russia s business elite against President Vladimir Putin . We are sure that s what it

Prompt 4692:
Mabingue Ngom , the head of the U.N. Population Fund in West Africa , knows that if he wants to cut birth rates he can t ignore religion . Population experts like Ngom are worried

Prompt 4693:
Lawyers for Jacob Zuma have until midnight to file papers outlining why nearly 800 corruption charges shelved before he became South African president eight years ago but recently reinstated by the courts should not be

Prompt 4694:
Net migration to Britain fell by the largest amount on record in the 12 months after the Brexit vote , with more than three-quarters of the drop due to more EU citizens leaving and fewer

Prompt 4695:
Turkey did not violate U.S. sanctions against Iran and did the right thing regardless of the outcome of the ongoing case in the United States , President Tayyip Erdogan was quoted by private broadcaster CNN

Prompt 4696:
A U.N. tribunal that was stunned by the courtroom suicide of a Bosnian Croat war criminal said on Thursday it was working with Dutch investigators to piece together how he smuggled a fatal dose of

Prompt 4697:
President Donald Trump on Wednesday shared anti-Muslim videos posted on Twitter by a far-right British party leader , drawing condemnation from Britain , U.S. Muslim groups and some members of Congress . The White House

Prompt 4698:
British Prime Minister Theresa May is fully focused on tackling extremism , her spokesman said on Thursday , responding to a tweet by U.S. President Donald Trump telling her to focus on destructive Radical Islamic

Prompt 4699:
Russia accused the United States on Thursday of trying to provoke North Korean leader Kim Jong Un into flying off the handle over his missile program to hand Washington a pretext to destroy his country

Prompt 4700:
A group of NATO allies are considering a more muscular response to state-sponsored computer hackers that could involve using cyber attacks to bring down enemy networks , officials said . The United States , Britain

Prompt 4701:
Russian Security Council secretary Nikolai Patrushev said on Thursday Moscow was already preparing to withdraw its military contingent from Syria , Russian news agencies reported . Preparations are underway , RIA news agency quoted Patrushev

Prompt 4702:
Denmark passed a law on Thursday that could allow it to ban Russia s Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline from going through its waters on grounds of security or foreign policy . The measure amends

Prompt 4703:
A former Islamic State warlord suspected of masterminding a deadly attack on Istanbul airport in 2016 is believed to have been killed during a special operation in ex-Soviet Georgia last week , three sources familiar

Prompt 4704:
On an icy December day in 2011 , North Korea s new leader Kim Jong Un was accompanied by seven advisers as they escorted the hearse that carried his father , Kim Jong Il ,

Prompt 4705:
PYONGYANG - North Koreans stage a demonstration of devotion to their leader Kim Jong Un at least once a year , in a large ceremonial square in Pyongyang . Mansae ! the people call as

Prompt 4706:
British interior minister Amber Rudd said on Thursday she hoped Britain s condemnation of U.S. President Donald Trump for retweeting material from a British far-right group would have an impact . I think we all

Prompt 4707:
At least 800 civilians have been killed in strikes in Iraq and Syria by the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State since the campaign began in 2014 , according to a report released by the coalition

Prompt 4708:
Russia s ruling United Russia party will support President Vladimir Putin if he decides to run for a new term in office , its leader , Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev , said on Thursday .

Prompt 4709:
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Thursday allegations that Russian athletes used doping during the 2014 Sochi Olympics were political manipulations in a new anti-Russian campaign . That ( Sochi Olympics ) was a

Prompt 4710:
France is hoping to strike deals to sell 12 Rafale fighter jets and armored vehicles to Qatar when President Emmanuel Macron visits the country in December , the French defense minister said on Thursday .

Prompt 4711:
Russia s government published a draft agreement between Russia and Egypt on Thursday allowing both countries to use each other s air space and air bases for their military planes . The draft deal was

Prompt 4712:
As dark falls , Adeeb Joudeh , a Muslim , makes his way through the stone alleyways of Jerusalem s walled Old City cradling the ancient key to one of Christianity s holiest sites .

Prompt 4713:
A passenger train derailed in the Spanish province of Seville on Wednesday , leaving 21 people injured , one seriously , according to the Andalusia emergency services . The medium-distance train was traveling between Malaga

Prompt 4714:
Ireland needs Britain to provide significantly more clarity on its plans for the Irish border , Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said on Thursday , denting hopes that London was on the verge of a deal

Prompt 4715:
Pope Francis landed in Bangladesh on Thursday after a diplomatically sensitive trip to neighboring Myanmar , where he made no direct reference to the plight of Rohingya Muslims who have fled to Bangladesh in their

Prompt 4716:
Cambodia has canceled the diplomatic passports of some opposition members weeks after a Supreme Court ruling dissolved their political party , senior government officials said on Thursday . The court outlawed the Cambodia National Rescue

Prompt 4717:
Japan s coast guard on Thursday boarded a North Korean fishing boat near a Japanese island where the crew said they had taken shelter from rough seas , the latest in a series of North

Prompt 4718:
An election could be a year away in army-ruled Thailand , but Anutin Charnvirakul is already eyeing a role as a potential kingmaker with ties across the traditional political divide and to the politicized generals

Prompt 4719:
Tens of thousands of villagers on the Indonesian holiday island of Bali are refusing to evacuate a 10-km ( six-mile ) danger zone around an erupting volcano , putting their fate in the hands of

Prompt 4720:
The U.S. military did not kill any civilians when it accompanied Somali forces on a deadly raid in August , U.S. Africa command said late on Wednesday , the first public statement on the findings

Prompt 4721:
Myanmar must guarantee equal rights for everyone in troubled Rakhine state as talks on repatriation of more than 620,000 Rohingya Muslims who have fled to Bangladesh gather steam , the new EU ambassador to the

Prompt 4722:
A suspected U.S. drone strike on Thursday targeted a hideout of the Haqqani militant network along Pakistan s mountainous border with Afghanistan , killing four people , officials said . If confirmed , it would

Prompt 4723:
Pope Francis flew to Bangladesh on Thursday after a visit to Myanmar where he made no direct reference to the plight of Muslim Rohingya people to avoid a diplomatic incident with a Buddhist-majority country some

Prompt 4724:
A New York comedian has been compelled to appear before a House Intelligence Committee investigating suspected Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election where he will likely face questions about acting as a go-between for

Prompt 4725:
Emperor Akihito will hand over all public duties to his heir after retiring in what will be Japan s first abdication in nearly two centuries , the monarch s younger son said , responding to

Prompt 4726:
The actions of U.S. President Donald Trump s team are similar to the policies of his predecessor Barack Obama , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in an interview , state-run RIA news agency reported

Prompt 4727:
Honduras faced a growing election crisis on Wednesday , with its U.S.-friendly president edging ahead in troubled vote count that his centrist rival , a television game show host allied with leftists , has rejected

Prompt 4728:
China on Thursday pledged stiffer oversight of preschool teachers , including closer checks on their qualifications , following an outcry over allegations of child abuse at a private kindergarten in Beijing . The case has

Prompt 4729:
The European Union does not share Turkey s view that the network of U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen is a terrorist organization and would need to see substantive evidence to change its stance , the

Prompt 4730:
Salvador Nasralla , the Honduran opposition candidate whose early lead against President Juan Orlando Hernandez in a presidential election has evaporated , on Wednesday said he rejected the vote count of the electoral tribunal .

Prompt 4731:
The United States has asked China to cut off oil supply to North Korea , U.S . Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said on Wednesday , warning that if war comes , make

Prompt 4732:
U.S. President Donald Trump fired back at British Prime Minister Theresa May over her criticism of his retweeting of anti-Muslim videos , saying she should focus on terrorism in Britain . Theresa @ theresamay ,

Prompt 4733:
Argentina sentenced 29 people , some with nicknames like Blond Angel of Death and The Tiger , to life sentences on Wednesday in a trial involving some 800 cases of kidnapping , torture and murder

Prompt 4734:
The airport on the Indonesian holiday island of Bali reopened on Wednesday as wind blew away ash spewed out by a volcano , giving airlines a window to get tourists out while authorities stepped up

Prompt 4735:
Russia s U.N . Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia called on North Korea on Wednesday to stop its missile and nuclear tests and for the United States and South Korea not to hold military drills in December

Prompt 4736:
Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez on Wednesday edged ahead of his TV star rival in a contentious vote count that has dragged on for three days . With 81.77 percent of the ballot boxes counted

Prompt 4737:
Iceland s opposition leader Katrin Jakobsdottir will become the country s new prime minister , after her Left-Green Movement on Wednesday agreed to form a coalition government , state broadcaster RUV reported . Her party

Prompt 4738:
French President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday he would draw up a list of extremist organizations to convey to Saudi Arabia after its crown prince pledged to cut their funding . Saudi Arabia finances groups

Prompt 4739:
United Nations political affairs chief Jeffrey Feltman met with North Korea s Ambassador Ja Song Nam on Wednesday to tell him Pyongyang must desist from taking any further destabilizing steps after the country launched another

Prompt 4740:
Rival Palestinian factions Fatah and Hamas agreed on Wednesday to delay final transfer of power of the Gaza Strip from Hamas to the Western-backed Palestinian government by 10 days to Dec. 10 to allow time

Prompt 4741:
An international meeting in Canada on North Korea in January is designed to produce better ideas to ease tensions over Pyongyang s nuclear and ballistic missile tests , Canadian officials said on Wednesday . A

Prompt 4742:
The bodies of 36 men found near the eastern Libyan town of al-Abyar in October appear to have been summarily executed by armed groups loyal to Khalifa Haftar s Libyan National Army ( LNA )

Prompt 4743:
Former Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq , an ex-air force pilot and former presidential candidate , said on Wednesday he intended to run in the presidential election early next year and would return to Cairo

Prompt 4744:
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri indicated on Wednesday that he might withdraw his resignation next week , saying matters were positive and he would rescind his decision if they remained so , a statement from

Prompt 4745:
The anti-nuclear group which won the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize accused the United States , Britain and France on Wednesday of snubbing its disarmament work by planning to send only second-rank diplomats to the award

Prompt 4746:
The United States urged election authorities to review the results of Sunday s vote in Honduras without undue delay , a State Department spokeswoman said on Wednesday . The United States urges calm and patience

Prompt 4747:
A Franco-German program to develop a European fighter jet will likely be widened to include other countries to lower costs , officials with the German defense ministry and Europe s Airbus said on Wednesday .

Prompt 4748:
Europe and Africa have joint responsibility for making migration more humane and orderly so they can end horrifying abuses being committed against African migrants by people smugglers , European Council President Donald Tusk said on

Prompt 4749:
Lebanon s Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said on Wednesday that matters were positive and if that continued , he would withdraw his resignation next week , a statement from his press office said . Hariri

Prompt 4750:
A former Bosnian Croat military commander swallowed what he said was poison in a U.N. war crimes courtroom on Wednesday and died shortly after losing an appeal against his 20-year prison term . Slobodan Praljak

Prompt 4751:
Four supporters of Yemen s former president Ali Abdullah Saleh were killed in clashes with their supposed allies from the Houthi movement in the center of the capital Sanaa on Wednesday , his party said

Prompt 4752:
The U.N. refugee agency on Wednesday welcomed a decision by Libya to open a transit center for unaccompanied children and other vulnerable refugees from among hundreds of thousands of migrants , and called on EU

Prompt 4753:
President Tayyip Erdogan dismissed as lies accusations by Turkey s main opposition party that his family has moved millions of dollars into foreign bank accounts to avoid taxes . The Republican People s Party (

Prompt 4754:
Former Egyptian Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq , who told Reuters on Wednesday he intended to run in the presidential election early next year , told pan-Arab TV channel Al Jazeera that the United Arab Emirates

Prompt 4755:
French President Emmanuel Macron said on Wednesday he was counting on U.N. Security Council members China and Russia to step up sanctions on North Korea after its latest missile test . I once again condemn

Prompt 4756:
NATO should defend Sweden and Finland in the event of an armed aggression , although neither country is an alliance member , a senior NATO official said on Wednesday at an event that underscored growing

Prompt 4757:
Members of Germany s Social Democrats ( SPD ) and Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives argued on Wednesday about repatriating Syrian refugees accused of crimes , a potential foretaste of coalition negotiations on immigration .

Prompt 4758:
A German court on Wednesday ordered the release of an army officer suspected of planning to carry out an attack on politicians and incriminate asylum seekers , saying there was not enough evidence to keep

Prompt 4759:
Nigeria s president said on Wednesday the government had started bringing stranded citizens home from Libya after a global outcry over reports that migrants there were being sold into slavery . Muhammadu Buhari s comments

Prompt 4760:
Syria s opposition wants Russia and other states to put pressure on President Bashar al-Assad to engage in peace talks in Geneva to produce a political solution within six months , the chief of its

Prompt 4761:
Venezuela has ordered the removal of Rafael Ramirez , once a powerful oil minister and head of state oil company PDVSA , from his post as representative to the United Nations in New York ,

Prompt 4762:
Iran denied access to its airspace to a Bulgarian government jet taking a delegation led by Prime Minister Boyko Borissov to Tehran s regional arch-enemy Saudi Arabia , Sofia s foreign minister said on Wednesday

Prompt 4763:
Dozens of mortar bombs landed on the last major rebel stronghold near the Syrian capital Damascus on Wednesday , a war monitor and a witness said on Wednesday , despite a 48 hour truce proposed

Prompt 4764:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Wednesday stressed the importance of ending smuggling and slavery while creating a legal route for Africans to come to Europe as she faces pressure at home to tackle a migrant

Prompt 4765:
The British Foreign Office said it had summoned the North Korean ambassador to condemn Wednesday s ballistic missile test . North Korea said it had successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile in a breakthrough

Prompt 4766:
Spanish rescue services pulled three drowned men from the Strait of Gibraltar after rescuing one man from a half-sunken , rickety boat and another from the open sea , an emergency services spokeswoman said on

Prompt 4767:
European Union lawmakers have asked for protection when they visit Malta this week to probe accusations of high-level corruption on the island , citing death threats made against some members of the EU parliament .

Prompt 4768:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan and German counterpart Frank-Walter Steinmeier discussed the need to improve ties between their countries and take mutual steps to that end during a phone call on Wednesday , Turkish presidential sources

Prompt 4769:
Venezuela s government has not officially notified the United Nations of any changes to its representation at the organization , a U.N. spokesman said on Wednesday . Four sources told Reuters on Wednesday that Rafael

Prompt 4770:
The Vatican on Wednesday defended Pope Francis s decision not to use the word Rohingya in public during his visit to Myanmar , saying his moral authority was unblemished and that his mere presence drew

Prompt 4771:
The European Union s chief Brexit negotiator told German industry on Wednesday that it was his responsibility to help European companies weather the exit of Britain from the EU , and he warned Britain that

Prompt 4772:
Prime Minister Theresa May faced a backlash on Wednesday from prominent supporters of Brexit after reports that she is ready to pay much of what the European Union is demanding to settle the country s

Prompt 4773:
Joining NATO would improve Finland s security but is unlikely to happen any time soon because of a lack of wider support , Finance Minister Petteri Orpo said on Wednesday . His National Coalition Party

Prompt 4774:
Venezuela s vice president said on Wednesday that he hopes Nicolas Maduro will be re-elected as president in 2018 , the clearest indication yet that the unpopular leftist will run for another term despite a

Prompt 4775:
Russia s ambassador to the United Nations accused the U.S.-led coalition in Syria on Wednesday of trying to partition the country by setting up local governing bodies in areas seized from Islamic State , Russian

Prompt 4776:
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Wednesday ordered his military command to use all force necessary to secure the Sinai peninsula within the next three months following a militant attack on a mosque that killed

Prompt 4777:
Gunmen on motorcycles opened fire on worshippers at the entrance of a Shi ite Muslim mosque in Pakistan s capital Islamabad on Wednesday , killing an intelligence officer at the scene , police said .

Prompt 4778:
The European Parliament s main Brexit coordinator expressed great concern on Wednesday that talks on the role of the EU s top court to ensure EU citizens rights in Britain after Brexit have stalled .

Prompt 4779:
U.S. President Donald Trump was wrong to have posted anti-Islam videos on Twitter that had originally been published by a leader of Britain First , a fringe , far-right party , a spokesman for Prime

Prompt 4780:
EU governments will study a new proposal aimed at overcoming the deep splits over sharing responsibility for asylum-seekers that has soured relations in the bloc since the migrant crisis of 2015 , diplomats said on

Prompt 4781:
A tribal militia killed at least 43 people in South Sudan s Jonglei state , local officials said on Wednesday , extending a spate of tit-for-tat revenge killings . Raiders from the Murle ethnic group

Prompt 4782:
An attack that killed more than 300 people in North Sinai has prompted Egyptian officials to renew efforts to enlist local tribes whose support will be critical in attempts to defeat Islamic State , security

Prompt 4783:
Bolivia s socialist President Evo Morales on Wednesday hailed a decision by the country s highest court to allow him to run for another re-election as a great surprise for the people , for the

Prompt 4784:
Croatian Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic said on Wednesday he regretted the death of Slobodan Praljak , the wartime commander of Bosnian Croat forces who died after he drank poison in The Hague . His act

Prompt 4785:
Turkey s military said on Wednesday that more than 80 militants were killed in an air strike on Monday in northern Iraq , where Turkish jets have frequently targeted PKK fighters . It said in

Prompt 4786:
The United States plans to impose additional sanctions against North Korea very soon , a White House spokeswoman said on Wednesday after Pyongyang said it had it successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile and

Prompt 4787:
Deep in the Qatari desert , a herd of cows stands in a vast shed , cooled by fans and jets of mist - each animal a key player in a plan to defy a

Prompt 4788:
When RYB Education Inc became enmeshed in allegations of child abuse at one of its Beijing kindergartens , it touched off an angry online furor in China , a police inquiry and a precipitous fall

Prompt 4789:
Appeals judges at the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal upheld on Wednesday the convictions of six Bosnian Croats found guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity during the 1990s , in the court s last

Prompt 4790:
Israel plans to appoint a new ambassador to Jordan in a bid to calm Amman s anger over the current envoy s handling of a shooting by an embassy guard in July that has strained

Prompt 4791:
The European Union has given Prime Minister Theresa May until Monday to raise Britain s offer of divorce terms if she wants EU leaders to open talks next month on a future free trade pact

Prompt 4792:
British Prime Minister Theresa May met with her Iraqi counterpart Haider al-Abadi in Baghdad on Wednesday , an Iraqi government spokesman said , her first visit to Iraq since coming to power last year .

Prompt 4793:
Chinese President Xi Jinping told his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump that it is Beijing s unswerving goal to maintain peace and stability in Northeast Asia and denuclearize the Korean peninsula , the official Xinhua news

Prompt 4794:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday said additional major sanctions would be imposed on North Korea after Pyongyang said it had tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile and that its nuclear weapons could reach the

Prompt 4795:
U.S. President Donald Trump has re-tweeted anti-Islam videos originally posted by Jayda Fransen , a leader of a far-right British party convicted earlier in November of abusing a Muslim woman . Fransen is deputy leader

Prompt 4796:
Senior Saudi Arabian prince Miteb bin Abdullah , once seen as a leading contender to the throne , has been freed after agreeing to pay over $ 1 billion to settle corruption allegations against him

Prompt 4797:
U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday called on Chinese President Xi Jinping to exert Beijing s pressure on North Korea after Pyongyang said it successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile , the White House

Prompt 4798:
An annual summit of Gulf Arab heads of state will convene in Kuwait on Dec. 5 and 6 , Gulf officials said on Wednesday , despite an ongoing dispute between some members of group .

Prompt 4799:
Nine Turkish citizens were charged in Greece with terrorism-related offences on Wednesday , accused of hoarding explosives and of links to an outlawed militant organization responsible for suicide bombings in Turkey . The arrest of

Prompt 4800:
The Czech center-left government of Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka stepped down on Wednesday , making way for billionaire Andrej Babis , who won an election last month , to take power in time for an

Prompt 4801:
Dutch police have declared the courtroom where a Bosnian Croat war crimes defendant said he drank poison on Wednesday during his appeals verdict a crime scene , the presiding judge said . Slobodan Praljak ,

Prompt 4802:
Divers searching waters near Copenhagen found a second arm on Wednesday that police said probably belonged to Swedish journalist Kim Wall , who died in August on board a Danish inventor s submarine . The

Prompt 4803:
A German court ruled on Wednesday that a 96-year-old German known as the bookkeeper of Auschwitz was fit to go to prison , rejecting his plea for the sentence to be suspended . Oskar Groening

Prompt 4804:
British negotiators are still working out a deal with the European Union , Treasury minister Liz Truss said on Wednesday , calling reports that the government has agreed a sum of money to pay the

Prompt 4805:
A Zimbabwean court found a pastor not guilty on Wednesday of attempting to subvert the government in a case seen as a barometer of judicial independence under new President Emmerson Mnangagwa . Evan Mawarire was

Prompt 4806:
Progress is being made in talks between Britain and the EU on how to avoid setting up a physical infrastructure on Northern Ireland s border after the United Kingdom leaves the EU in 2019 ,

Prompt 4807:
European Union chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Wednesday that the bloc had to be , and was , united in dealing with Britain on its withdrawal from the bloc and warned that failure

Prompt 4808:
North Korea said a new intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) it test-fired on Wednesday was launched from a newly developed vehicle and that the its warhead could withstand the pressure of re-entering the earth

Prompt 4809:
The International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) said on Wednesday it was making a stop-gap purchase of fuel so as to provide clean water to one million people in the Yemeni cities

Prompt 4810:
Foreign banks in Britain view any attempt to make them convert their branches to subsidiaries after Brexit as a red line which would likely cause them to rethink their presence in the country , an

Prompt 4811:
Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek said on Wednesday Turkey will do whatever is necessary if its banking sector is affected by the U.S. trial of a Turkish bank executive in a case regarding a conspiracy

Prompt 4812:
Philippine soldiers have killed 14 Maoist guerrillas in an offensive south of the capital , Manila , an army officer said on Wednesday , days after President Rodrigo Duterte ended peace talks with the rebels

Prompt 4813:
The European Union s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on Wednesday he was still working to reach agreement with Britain about its exit from the bloc . We are still working . ( That

Prompt 4814:
Britain has offered to pay much of what the European Union was demanding to settle a Brexit divorce bill , bringing the two sides close to agreement on a key obstacle to opening talks on

Prompt 4815:
The latest test of a new North Korean intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) is a provocative act , Russia said on Wednesday , calling on all sides involved to stay calm to avoid a

Prompt 4816:
Shaven-headed former jihadists filled a classroom in northern Syria as a Muslim cleric taught them a more moderate form of Islam than the version they had imposed in Islamic State s self-proclaimed caliphate . Their

Prompt 4817:
Australia s upper house Senate on Wednesday passed a measure to legalize same-sex marriage , perhaps as soon as next week , after lawmakers dismissed a conservative push to allow religious objectors to refuse service

Prompt 4818:
Britain wants to reach an agreement with the European Union that would secure a frictionless border between EU member Ireland and Northern Ireland to avoid any need for queues on either side , junior Brexit

Prompt 4819:
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is considering attending the winter Olympics in South Korea in February despite escalating tension after North Korea s latest missile test on Wednesday , the South s presidential office said

Prompt 4820:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel , currently trying to form a new coalition government after September s election , said on Wednesday Germany needed to keep non-wage costs below 40 percent and stressed the importance of

Prompt 4821:
Germany strongly condemns North Korea s latest ballistic missile test , Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Wednesday , adding that he would summon North Korea s ambassador . North Korea has again breached international

Prompt 4822:
North Korea said on Wednesday it had successfully tested a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) , called Hwasong-15 , that could reach all of the U.S. mainland . [ L1N1NY1RR ]

Prompt 4823:
When North Korean leader Kim Jong Un signed an order for his scientists to test their latest missile , he was no doubt hoping for technical advances but perhaps also to reclaim the narrative after

Prompt 4824:
A year ago , France s conservatives appeared headed for the presidency . Now the French right is more fractured than at almost any point in the modern-day Fifth Republic , leaving one clear winner

Prompt 4825:
Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen , facing Western donor pressure over a crackdown on critics ahead of 2018 elections , will seek more aid and investment from China during a visit this week , his

Prompt 4826:
Assailants detonated a car bomb outside the Yemeni Finance Ministry offices in the southern city of Aden on Wednesday , killing at least two people , hospital officials and residents said . They said the

Prompt 4827:
Venezuela systematically abused anti-government protesters this year , two rights groups said on Wednesday , including through beatings , firing tear gas canisters in closed areas and forcing detainees to eat food tainted with excrement

Prompt 4828:
China expressed grave concern on Wednesday after North Korea fired what appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM ) that landed close to Japan . China hopes all parties act cautiously to preserve

Prompt 4829:
Two human heads were discovered in a cooler outside an office of broadcaster Televisa in the Mexican city of Guadalajara , authorities said on Tuesday . It was not clear who the heads belonged to

Prompt 4830:
Bali airport will reopen on Wednesday afternoon , authorities said , two days after a volcanic eruption spread ash across the island and forced the airport to close . The airport will reopen at 3

Prompt 4831:
Turkish prosecutors have issued detention warrants for 360 people in an operation targeting supporters of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen within the army , state-run Anadolu news agency reported on Wednesday . It said 333 of

Prompt 4832:
The Honduran presidential candidate leading after a partial count of votes said he would review whether to keep a base stationed with U.S. troops if he wins the election , but also promised to deepen

Prompt 4833:
Militant group Islamic State claimed responsibility for a car bomb attack outside the offices of the Yemeni finance ministry in the southern port city of Aden , the group s news agency Amaq said on

Prompt 4834:
Militant group Islamic State claimed responsibility for a car bomb attack outside the offices of the Yemeni finance ministry in the southern port city of Aden , the group s news agency Amaq said on

Prompt 4835:
The result of Honduras presidential election remained in limbo on Tuesday , with a gregarious TV host s surprise lead narrowing sharply , prompting him to call on supporters to take to the streets of

Prompt 4836:
Singapore authorities charged human rights activist Jolovan Wham on Wednesday for organizing public assemblies without a police permit , prompting rights groups to call on the government to guarantee the right to peaceful assembly .

Prompt 4837:
North Korea successfully launched a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile , the Hwasong-15 that can reach all of the United States , the isolated country s state media said on Wednesday . The missile

Prompt 4838:
China on Wednesday said that any attempt to hype up its decision to jail a Taiwanese rights activist for subversion would be futile , after Taiwan s ruling political party labeled the result unacceptable .

Prompt 4839:
A newly unveiled presidential contender for Mexico s ruling party attacked his main leftist rival on Tuesday , accusing him of being obsessed by power , afraid of debate and unable to tackle corruption when

Prompt 4840:
North Korea will make an announcement at 0330 GMT , South Korea s Yonhap news agency said on Wednesday , citing the North s broadcast media , following the launch of what appeared to an

Prompt 4841:
Bolivia s highest court struck down limits on re-election in the country s constitution and election laws on Tuesday , paving the way for socialist President Evo Morales to run for a fourth term in

Prompt 4842:
Venezuela s new oil czar vowed on Tuesday to root out corruption in state oil company PDVSA in a combative two-minute speech during his inauguration , without offering clues as to how he plans to

Prompt 4843:
South Korea s President Moon Jae-in said on Wednesday North Korea s missile technology seems to have improved , following the launch of what appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile that landed close to

Prompt 4844:
South Korea s Joint Chiefs of Staff said they presume North Korea fired a Hwasong-14 long-range ballistic missile on Wednesday , the South s Yonhap News Agency reported . A military spokesman told Reuters he

Prompt 4845:
Hawaii this week will resume monthly statewide testing of Cold War-era nuclear attack warning sirens for the first time in at least a quarter century , in preparation for a possible missile strike from North

Prompt 4846:
A planned meeting of foreign ministers to discuss the North Korean crisis is not scheduled to take place before the Christmas break in late December , a Canadian official said on Tuesday . Foreign Minister

Prompt 4847:
Senior Saudi Prince Miteb bin Abdullah , once seen as a leading contender to the throne , was freed after reaching an acceptable settlement agreement with authorities paying more than $ 1 billion , a

Prompt 4848:
The U.S. State Department said on Tuesday that a new law allowing Russia s Justice Ministry to list foreign media outlets as foreign agents posed a threat to free press and it urged Moscow not

Prompt 4849:
U.S. President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agreed to boost their response to North Korea s missile program and urged China to do more , a government spokesman said on Wednesday .

Prompt 4850:
The U.S. State Department said on Tuesday that municipal elections in Cuba over the weekend were flawed because authorities used intimidation , arcane technicalities and false charges to keep independent candidates off of the ballot

Prompt 4851:
British Prime Minister Theresa May will travel to the Middle East this week to lend her support to economic reforms in Saudi Arabia and Jordan , her spokesman said . Her trip comes as Britain

Prompt 4852:
South Korea s President Moon Jae-in said on Wednesday he strongly condemns North Korea s latest ballistic missile launch , noting it had been anticipated and that the government had been preparing for it in

Prompt 4853:
French President Emmanuel Macron condemned on Tuesday what appeared to be an intercontinental ballistic missile test conducted by North Korea and called for greater pressure on Pyongyang . I condemn the new ballistic irresponsible trial

Prompt 4854:
China s growing military strength and a resurgent Russia will pose growing challenges to the trans-Atlantic alliance in coming years , and NATO s moves to bolster its capabilities could trigger a new Cold War-style

Prompt 4855:
President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that the United States will take care of the North Korea issue after its latest missile launch , and that the basic U.S. approach to dealing with Pyongyang will

Prompt 4856:
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday strongly condemned North Korea s launch of an apparent intercontinental ballistic missile and urged the international community to take new steps to press Pyongyang to halt development

Prompt 4857:
An El Salvador court on Tuesday ruled in a civil case that former President Mauricio Funes and one of his sons had illegally enriched themselves and ordered them to pay nearly $ 420,000 in restitution

Prompt 4858:
The United States and Japan have requested that the United Nations Security Council meet on Wednesday to discuss North Korea s latest missile launch , diplomats said on Tuesday . North Korea has been under

Prompt 4859:
The top U.S. general in Afghanistan said on Tuesday that he had not seen a change in Pakistan s support for militants so far , despite President Donald Trump taking a tougher line against Islamabad

Prompt 4860:
North Korea s latest missile launch undermines regional and international security and Pyongyang needs to re-engage in credible dialogue with the international community , NATO said in a statement on Tuesday . North Korea fired

Prompt 4861:
Syrian Kurdish PYD forces sprayed a Turkish border post with gunfire late on Tuesday , wounding one soldier , and Turkey responded with artillery fire , private broadcaster CNN Turk said The gunfire came from

Prompt 4862:
North Korea s latest missile launch is a further unacceptable violation of its international obligations , a spokeswoman for the European Union foreign affairs chief said on Tuesday . North Korea fired a missile that

Prompt 4863:
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Tuesday that Saudi Arabia presents Iran as an enemy because it wants to cover up its defeats in the region . Saudi Arabia was unsuccessful in Qatar , was

Prompt 4864:
The Brazilian government is looking at all options , including large batteries , to help northern Roraima state with power supplies after a series of blackouts in recent months largely related to its dependency on

Prompt 4865:
A British government official cast doubt on a newspaper report on Tuesday that Britain and the EU had reached a financial settlement of between 45 billion and 55 billion euros . I do not recognize

Prompt 4866:
The UK has agreed to fully honor its financial commitments to the European Union , assuming liabilities worth up to 100 billion euros ( $ 118.44 billion ) , as part of its agreement with

Prompt 4867:
Britain is seeking to build on the recent momentum in the Brexit divorce talks with the European Union before a summit next month , a spokeswoman for Britain s Department for Exiting the European Union

Prompt 4868:
The United States threatened on Tuesday to take further action against the South Sudan government if it does not end violence and allow United Nations peacekeepers to do their job , but U.N. sanctions are

Prompt 4869:
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta was sworn in for a second term on Tuesday , shortly before riot police teargassed the convoy of opposition leader Raila Odinga , who promised supporters he would be sworn in

Prompt 4870:
France s President Emmanuel Macron told African youths on Tuesday that he belonged to a new generation of French leaders who would build partnerships with the continent rather than tell it what to do .

Prompt 4871:
Turkey said on Tuesday it could expand its military mission in Syria to two other provinces , potentially bringing its forces into confrontation with U.S.-backed Kurdish fighters that Ankara considers its enemies . Turkish troops

Prompt 4872:
North Korea fired one ballistic missile from Pyongsong , a city in South Pyongan Province , at around 1817 GMT over the sea between South Korea and Japan , South Korea s Joint Chiefs of

Prompt 4873:
U.S. government experts think North Korea could conduct a new missile test within days , in what would be its first launch since it fired a missile over Japan in mid-September , two authoritative U.S.

Prompt 4874:
North Korea has fired an unidentified ballistic missile , U.S. officials told Reuters on Tuesday on condition of anonymity , without immediately offering further details . The launch would be North Korea s first since

Prompt 4875:
The Pentagon said on Tuesday that it had detected a probable missile launch from North Korea . We detected a probable missile launch from North Korea . We are in the process of assessing the

Prompt 4876:
An Italian judge ruled on Tuesday that a convicted mobster and son of late boss Salvatore Toto Riina be detained for a year in a secure labor unit , a judicial source said , less

Prompt 4877:
European leaders under pressure from a far-right revival at home hope to avoid a difficult debate about immigration when they meet their African counterparts in Ivory Coast from Wednesday . Reports this month of abuses

Prompt 4878:
A Syrian government delegation will arrive in Geneva on Wednesday , a day later than expected , to attend peace talks being held there this week , Syrian state news agency SANA said . The

Prompt 4879:
The Syrian government has accepted a Russian suggestion of a ceasefire in the besieged rebel-held enclave of Eastern Ghouta , U.N. Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura told reporters on Tuesday . I was just informed

Prompt 4880:
Ireland s scandal-hit deputy prime minister resigned on Tuesday , averting a government collapse and potential snap election that had threatened to complicate Brexit talks next month between Britain and the European Union . Opposition

Prompt 4881:
Czech ANO party leader Andrej Babis said on Tuesday he expected his minority cabinet to take power on Dec. 13 which would enable him to attend a European Union summit as prime minister . After

Prompt 4882:
A United Nations women s rights panel called on Myanmar on Tuesday to report within six months on rapes and sexual violence against Rohingya women and girls by its security forces in northern Rakhine state

Prompt 4883:
Germany is best suited to host a new NATO military logistics command , the top U.S. Army general in Europe said on Tuesday . NATO allies this month backed plans for two new military headquarters

Prompt 4884:
Indonesia kept the airport on Bali closed on Tuesday as ash from an erupting volcano swept the holiday island , leaving thousands of tourists stranded as authorities tried to persuade villagers living nearby to leave

Prompt 4885:
Bali s rumbling Mount Agung is starting to impact the economy of the holiday island and , if the eruptions and volcanic ash clouds persist , could spark a bigger wave of cancellations by visitors

Prompt 4886:
Egyptian security forces have killed 11 suspected militants in a shootout near the Sinai , the interior ministry said on Tuesday , just days after more than 300 people were killed in an attack on

Prompt 4887:
A colleague of Katerina Tikhonova from the world of acrobatic rock n roll confirmed that she is the younger daughter of Russian President Vladimir Putin , and then later withdrew his comments , saying he

Prompt 4888:
President Donald Trump is actively considering when and how to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem , Vice President Mike Pence said on Tuesday . Pence made the comment in remarks at Israel

Prompt 4889:
Chinese police said late on Tuesday some claims of child abuse at a Beijing kindergarten run by New York-listed RYB Education were unfounded , the latest twist in a case that has sparked outrage throughout

Prompt 4890:
Prime Minister Theresa May s attempts to keep her Brexit plans secret provoked a new row on Tuesday when lawmakers criticized her for failing to hand over complete studies on the economic impact of Britain

Prompt 4891:
Bangladesh approved a $ 280 million project on Tuesday to develop an isolated and flood-prone island in the Bay of Bengal to temporarily house 100,000 Rohingya Muslims fleeing violence in neighbouring Myanmar . The decision

Prompt 4892:
Greek police found bomb-making equipment and detonators in raids in Athens on Tuesday and were questioning nine people over suspected links to a banned militant group in Turkey ahead of an expected visit by Turkish

Prompt 4893:
France said on Tuesday it wanted the United Nations Security Council to consider imposing targeted sanctions on human traffickers operating in Libya after a video appearing to show African migrants sold as slaves sparked global

Prompt 4894:
A roadside bomb planted by the Taliban killed at least eight civilians including three women and a child in Afghanistan s Kandahar province on Tuesday , a local official said . The victims of the

Prompt 4895:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel scolded a minister on Tuesday in a bid to shield talks on forming a coalition government from a dispute between cabinet colleagues over an EU license for a weedkiller . Conservative

Prompt 4896:
Zimbabwe s new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , on Tuesday announced a three-month amnesty window for the return of public funds illegally stashed abroad by individuals and companies . Upon the expiry of the amnesty

Prompt 4897:
During his rapid rise to the presidency , France s Emmanuel Macron was sometimes referred to as a lucky general a leader with the right skills for the job but also a generous dose of

Prompt 4898:
Robert Mugabe s 37-year rule may be over , but a culture of political fawning by the Zimbabwean state media and fear of those in authority still flourishes . The Herald newspaper and the Zimbabwe

Prompt 4899:
Imprisoned former vice-president of Catalonia Oriol Junqueras and three other jailed members of his ERC party will abide by a ruling giving Madrid control over the region , their defense lawyer said on Tuesday .

Prompt 4900:
A senior Russia s foreign ministry official on Tuesday said he was not worried by the European Union s move to integrate European defenses , saying the initiative was just words and did not appear

Prompt 4901:
The Philippines national police chief said on Tuesday that Reuters had timed a report on a deadly anti-drug raid to make his officers look bad as President Rodrigo Duterte mulls returning them to drug-war operations

Prompt 4902:
U.S. President Donald Trump s daughter Ivanka Trump kicked off a global business summit in southern India on Tuesday calling for better opportunities for women entrepreneurs battling heavy odds around the world . Ivanka ,

Prompt 4903:
Libyan authorities are attempting to negotiate with a group that has cut water supplies to the Libyan capital for the second time in two months to press for the release of a jailed ally ,

Prompt 4904:
Pope Francis on Tuesday urged the leaders of majority-Buddhist Myanmar , mired in a crisis over the fate of Muslim Rohingya people , to commit themselves to justice , human rights and respect for each

Prompt 4905:
Shelling killed three people in the last major rebel stronghold near Damascus on Tuesday , a war monitor said , shortly before the UN Syria envoy said the government had agreed a ceasefire there .

Prompt 4906:
Syrian government and opposition negotiators meeting in Geneva this week will have the chance to hold direct talks for the first time , but it is not clear if they will take it , the

Prompt 4907:
President Vladimir Putin may be criticized by the West for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine in 2014 , but at home his public approval ratings have been boosted . The operation to seize the

Prompt 4908:
A two-day skirmish between Guinean and Malian villagers over control of a gold mine that straddles the countries joint border killed at least 17 people , a government official in Guinea said on Tuesday .

Prompt 4909:
The mayor of a small town in western Germany known for pursuing liberal migrant policies was stabbed in the neck at a kebab shop on Monday evening and seriously hurt in an attack that officials

Prompt 4910:
Ireland s Deputy Prime Minister has to resign or else she will force a snap election next month , a senior member of the opposition party propping up the country s minority government said on

Prompt 4911:
A Turkish court has issued detention warrants for two people including a former opposition lawmaker for allegedly providing fake evidence and documents to a court case in the United States , private broadcaster CNN Turk

Prompt 4912:
French President Emmanuel Macron said on Tuesday he would ask European leaders to help evacuate Africans in danger in Africa after reports appearing to show African migrants being traded there sparked an international outcry .

Prompt 4913:
President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday sought to make a clean break from his predecessors saying that he came from a generation that would not tell Africans what to do and would focus his efforts on

Prompt 4914:
Japan has detected radio signals suggesting North Korea may be preparing another ballistic missile launch , although such signals are not unusual and satellite images did not show fresh activity , a Japanese government source

Prompt 4915:
Colombia s lower house of congress late on Monday backed a bill to regulate transitional justice under the nation s peace deal with Marxist FARC rebels , including special tribunals that will try guerrilla leaders

Prompt 4916:
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta said on Tuesday that any African can get a visa on arrival in Kenya , and will be free to settle in the country if they marry a Kenyan , removing

Prompt 4917:
Indonesian business tycoon Hary Tanoesoedibjo said on Tuesday he was not planning to stand in the country s 2019 presidential election , and that he would support current President Joko Widodo if he chose to

Prompt 4918:
Greek police found bomb making equipment and detonators during an early-morning raid at three addresses in Athens on Tuesday , it said in a statement . Nine persons were being questioned , police said .

Prompt 4919:
Pope Francis said on Tuesday that Myanmar is suffering from civil conflict and hostilities that have lasted all too long and created deep divisions , but in a speech in the country s capital he

Prompt 4920:
A year after a wave of denial-of-service attacks knocked out major websites around the world , millions of unsecured printers , network gear and webcams remain undefended against attack across major European cities , a

Prompt 4921:
When hardline Pakistani Islamists signed an agreement with the government on Monday to end a crippling blockade of the nation s capital , the text of their deal concluded by thanking the army chief who

Prompt 4922:
Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Tuesday there had been an erosion of trust and understanding between communities of Rakhine state , but did not refer to the hundreds of thousands of Rohingya

Prompt 4923:
A Syrian government delegation will arrive in Geneva on Wednesday to attend peace talks this week , state news agency SANA said , quoting Syria s foreign affairs ministry . The delegation will be headed

Prompt 4924:
Kenya President Uhuru Kenyatta was sworn in for second , five-year term on Tuesday , ending months of political turmoil in the east African nation . Kenyatta won a repeat presidential election on Oct. 26

Prompt 4925:
The two independent cabinet ministers that support Prime Minister Leo Varadkar s minority government said the uncertainty over the future of his deputy prime minister was very grave . The situation is very grave .

Prompt 4926:
No firm date has been set yet for a Congress of Syria s peoples proposed by Russia , the Kremlin said on Tuesday , stressing that such a forum should be as inclusive as possible

Prompt 4927:
Mexico s finance minister resigned on Monday to seek the 2018 presidential nomination of the ruling party , anticipating a major break with tradition as it seeks outside help to clean up its tarnished image

Prompt 4928:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday his talks with U.S. President Donald Trump last week were the first occasion in a long time the two NATO allies were on the same wavelength and they

Prompt 4929:
Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday he would hold another phone call with U.S. President Donald Trump this week , after the two leaders spoke last week . Speaking to reporters in parliament ,

Prompt 4930:
The United Nations Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura has received assurances that the Syrian government delegation will attend peace talks in Geneva this week , a U.N. spokeswoman said on Tuesday . Earlier

Prompt 4931:
In Xinjiancun , a ramshackle village of migrant workers on the far southern fringe of Beijing , demolition machinery tears into buildings as residents drag out the last of their belongings under the gaze of

Prompt 4932:
A prominent Chinese general under investigation for corruption has committed suicide , state media said on Tuesday , the latest development in a sweeping anti-graft campaign that has shaken the armed forces . Zhang Yang

Prompt 4933:
Burundi s main opposition grouping said it is boycotting peace talks that resumed on Tuesday in Tanzania , leaving little chance that the negotiations will end simmering political violence that has claimed hundreds of lives

Prompt 4934:
The European Union is increasingly willing to consider Western Balkan states joining the bloc , which could help ensure peace in the region while enriching the EU itself , the bloc s integration commissioner said

Prompt 4935:
Police have arrested a 20-year-old man suspected of planning to use an automatic rifle for a mass shooting on New Year s Eve in downtown Melbourne , Australia s second largest city . Victoria state

Prompt 4936:
Saudi Arabia s Shura Council , a top advisory council to the government , is studying proposals for protection of people who report financial crime , local media reported , following the government s anti-corruption

Prompt 4937:
Thai authorities have arrested 16 people who were protesting against the construction of a coal-fired power plant , drawing criticism of the military government from rights activists and environmentalists . The planned power plant in

Prompt 4938:
North Korea may announce the completion of its nuclear program within a year , South Korea s unification minister said on Tuesday , as the isolated country is moving more faster than expected in developing

Prompt 4939:
China will allow travel agencies in Beijing and Shandong to partly resume sales of group tours to South Korea , in a sign of thawing relations between the nations that have been locked in a

Prompt 4940:
Kenyan police fired teargas on Tuesday to try to control a crowd of thousands of people trying to force their way into a stadium to attend the inauguration of President Uhuru Kenyatta . In a

Prompt 4941:
A grenade thrown at French soldiers wounded three civilians in the Burkina Faso capital of Ouagadougou shortly before the arrival of French President Emmanuel Macron , Radio France International reported on Tuesday . The grenade

Prompt 4942:
China on Tuesday sentenced Taiwanese rights activist Li Ming-che to five years in prison for subverting state power , prompting Taiwan s ruling political party to label the verdict totally unacceptable . Li , a

Prompt 4943:
Britain s Prince Harry and U.S. actress Meghan Markle announced on Monday they were getting married next year , saying their relationship had blossomed incredibly quickly after meeting on a blind date . Harry ,

Prompt 4944:
Just four weeks after a blind date with U.S. actress Meghan Markle that left him beautifully surprised , Britain s Prince Harry took his wife-to-be on a trip to Botswana to camp under the stars

Prompt 4945:
Canadian designer Line the Label shot to prominence on Monday after U.S. actress Meghan Markle wore a coat from the brand in her first public appearance after her engagement to Britain s Prince Harry .

Prompt 4946:
Pakistani police on Monday exhumed the bodies of a young couple believed to have murdered by their families in a so-called honor killing , an investigator said . Zeeshan Siddiqui said Abdul Hadi , 25

Prompt 4947:
Ireland s Deputy Prime Minister resisted calls to resign in a crisis that has left the country on the brink of a general election , saying on Monday it is up to an ongoing judge-led

Prompt 4948:
Diplomats are searching for ways to prevent the global trade dispute resolution system from freezing up , after the Trump administration blocked appointments to the body that acts as the supreme court for global trade

Prompt 4949:
With 70 percent of ballots counted in the Honduran presidential election , opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla maintains a five point lead over President Juan Orlando Hernandez , and is set to win , an election

Prompt 4950:
German Chancellor Angela Merkel will focus on expanding business ties and trying to regulate migration with Africa during an EU-Africa summit in Abidjan this week , as she comes under pressure at home to make

Prompt 4951:
The Pentagon said on Monday it was reviewing adjustments in arms for the Syrian Kurdish forces that have angered Turkey , but it stopped short of halting weapons transfers , suggesting such decisions would be

Prompt 4952:
The United States plans to reduce military support for groups fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria but that does not mean Washington will stop all aid to those groups , White House spokeswoman Sarah

Prompt 4953:
The United Nations has asked Brazil to send troops to join its peace mission in the Central African Republic , said Jean-Pierre Lacroix , the U.N. s head of peacekeeping operations , in an interview

Prompt 4954:
Two attackers shot several civilians on Monday in the Nahrawan area southeast of Baghdad before one blew himself up and the other was killed by security forces , the Iraqi Interior Ministry said , without

Prompt 4955:
Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide attack that took place on Monday targeting the Nahrawan area southeast of Baghdad , the group s Amaq news agency said . The Sunni militant group said it

Prompt 4956:
A breakthrough in U.N.-backed Syria peace talks in Geneva this week seems hardly more likely than in seven failed earlier rounds as President Bashar al-Assad pushes for total military victory and his opponents stick by

Prompt 4957:
The Syrian opposition delegation at peace talks in Geneva is aiming for the removal of President Bashar al-Assad and plans to engage his negotiators in serious and direct talks , the head of the opposition

Prompt 4958:
The Israeli parliament voted on Monday in favor of a draft law barring police from publicizing its conclusions in criminal probes legislation seen as shielding Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who is under investigation for

Prompt 4959:
The Pentagon said on Monday it was reviewing adjustments in arms for U.S.-backed Kurdish forces in Syria but stopped short of declaring a halt to weapons transfers , suggesting such decisions would be based on

Prompt 4960:
Ousted Zimbabwe finance minister Ignatius Chombo , charged with three counts of corruption for offences that allegedly took place two decades ago , was denied bail on Monday and will be detained in custody until

Prompt 4961:
Germany s Christmas markets opened on Monday at the start of the holiday season , with security staff on hand and concrete barriers to protect shoppers , nearly a year after an Islamist militant killed

Prompt 4962:
Portugal s parliament on Monday approved in the final reading the minority Socialist government s 2018 budget bill that aims to trim the deficit to a new low in the country s democratic history thanks

Prompt 4963:
Luis Zelaya , the third-placed candidate in Sunday s Honduran presidential election , said on Monday that Salvador Nasralla was the country s new leader , and urged the U.S.-friendly incumbent Juan Orlando Hernandez to

Prompt 4964:
President Michel Aoun held talks on Monday with other Lebanese political leaders over the future of Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri s government , but gave no sign whether they discussed Hariri s demand the country

Prompt 4965:
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said on Monday that the political and militant group Hezbollah must stop interfering in regional conflicts and accept a neutral policy to bring an end to Lebanon s political crisis

Prompt 4966:
Zimbabwe President Emmerson Mnangagwa on Monday named Patrick Chinamasa acting finance minister until a new cabinet has been appointed , the chief secretary to the president and cabinet said in a statement . Chinamasa was

Prompt 4967:
Russia proposed a two-day ceasefire on Monday in the last major rebel stronghold near the Syrian capital Damascus , where warplanes killed at least 41 people in two days of air strikes as Russian-backed government

Prompt 4968:
The U.S. military said on Monday it had carried out an air strike against Islamic State militants in northeast Somalia , killing one person . Islamic State has been gathering recruits in the region ,

Prompt 4969:
A general appointed at the weekend to run Venezuela s energy sector will name more military officers to senior management posts at state oil company PDVSA as part of a shakeup the government says is

Prompt 4970:
Water entered the snorkel of the Argentine submarine ARA San Juan , causing its battery to short-circuit before it went missing on Nov. 15 , a navy spokesman said on Monday as hope dwindled among

Prompt 4971:
Uganda on Monday charged eight managers and editors of a daily newspaper with several offences including libel and computer misuse and a court ordered them detained until Dec. 5 . The journalists have been in

Prompt 4972:
A British teenager was found guilty on Monday of planning to drive a car into a crowd in the Welsh capital Cardiff , with a Justin Bieber concert and a shopping center among the list

Prompt 4973:
Brazil s lower house Speaker Rodrigo Maia said on Monday he will try to pass a fiscally crucial pension reform bill this year in the chamber , but he told reporters he would only put

Prompt 4974:
Greece s junior coalition party leader on Monday faced questioning in parliament and calls for his suspension over a failed deal to sell Greek army missiles to Saudia Arabia . Panos Kammenos , defense minister

Prompt 4975:
Chancellor Angela Merkel piled pressure on Monday on the Social Democrats ( SPD ) to rejoin a grand coalition with her conservatives , arguing that the European Union and the wider world urgently needed a

Prompt 4976:
Ireland s minister for social protection said she expects the government and main opposition party to avoid a snap election that a dispute between the two has left them 24 hours away from triggering .

Prompt 4977:
A ship carrying 5,500 tonnes of flour docked in Yemen s Hodeidah port in the Red Sea on Sunday , the first after more than two weeks of a blockade by a Saudi-led coalition fighting

Prompt 4978:
The European Union is entirely confused since Britain voted to leave the bloc and it needs to revisit its vision for enlargement and Turkey s place in that , Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said

Prompt 4979:
Former Russian economy minister Alexei Ulyukayev , accused of extorting a bribe , told a court on Monday he thought a bag holding $ 2 million in cash which he took from Rosneft ( ROSN.MM

Prompt 4980:
Sweden will let some migrants who arrived as unaccompanied minors and turned 18 during the process of applying for asylum stay even if their applications are rejected , a rare relaxation of rules imposed at

Prompt 4981:
The Bulgarian Orthodox Church has taken a step towards possible eventual recognition of Macedonia s Orthodox Church , a rapprochement that echoes a warming of relations between the governments of the two Balkan neighbors .

Prompt 4982:
A Sudanese general and nine soldiers were killed in clashes in the war-damaged region of Darfur on Sunday after their vehicles were ambushed by militants , state news SUNA reported on Monday . Conflict in

Prompt 4983:
Britain s Prince Harry , who announced earlier on Monday he was engaged to his American girlfriend Meghan Markle , said they were both thrilled as they posed for their first picture together after the

Prompt 4984:
Britain s Prince Harry is engaged to his U.S. actress girlfriend Meghan Markle with the marriage due to take place in the spring of 2018 , his father Prince Charles announced in a statement on

Prompt 4985:
A Kuwaiti court handed several lawmakers jail terms on Monday for forcing their way into the parliament building in 2011 - a move that could cause political turbulence in the Gulf Arab region s most

Prompt 4986:
Turkish and Sudanese intelligence agencies have captured and returned to Turkey a man believed to be a financier for the U.S.-based cleric accused of orchestrating a failed coup in Turkey , the state-run Anadolu news

Prompt 4987:
Pope Francis held talks on Monday with Myanmar s military chief at the start of a delicate visit to a majority-Buddhist country that the United States has accused of ethnic cleansing against its Muslim Rohingya

Prompt 4988:
A Russian-backed Congress of Syrian peoples in the Russian city of Sochi has been postponed until February , Russia s RIA news agency reported on Monday , citing a diplomatic source . The event ,

Prompt 4989:
Inside State House in Harare , Robert Mugabe was in the tightest spot of his 37-year rule . Tanks were on the streets and troops had occupied the state broadcaster , from where the army

Prompt 4990:
Russia s Defence Ministry denied on Monday that Russian war planes had carried out deadly air strikes on a village in Syria s Deir al-Zor province that had killed dozens of civilians , the Interfax

Prompt 4991:
The leader of the Germany s Social Democrats ( SPD ) said nothing had been ruled out ahead of talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel s conservatives on forming a new government , but added that

Prompt 4992:
During Germany s election campaign , the Social Democrats ( SPD ) rallied behind French President Emmanuel Macron s ideas for reform of the euro zone , including the creation of a budget , finance

Prompt 4993:
President Emmanuel Macron s bold vision for European renewal will be harder to translate into real policy change if France does not have a strong partner in Germany , France s new government spokesman said

Prompt 4994:
Eight bodies , which had been reduced partly to skeletons , were found on Monday in a small wooden ship that washed up on a beach in the sea of Japan , the Japan Coast

Prompt 4995:
North Korea violated an armistice agreement with South Korea this month when North Korean soldiers shot and wounded a North Korean soldier as he defected across their border and it must not do so again

Prompt 4996:
The president of the European Parliament said on Monday he would ask Poland s prime minister to ensure the security of Polish members of the assembly after a far-right protest staged a symbolic hanging of

Prompt 4997:
Indonesia closed the airport on the tourist island of Bali on Monday and ordered 100,000 residents living near a grumbling volcano spewing columns of ash to evacuate immediately , warning that the first major eruption

Prompt 4998:
A 17-year-old Danish girl who offered to fight for Islamic State was sentenced on Monday to eight years in prison by the Danish high court for planning bomb attacks on two schools , one of

Prompt 4999:
Germany may need to change its constitution to allow it to strike back at hackers who target private computer networks and it hopes to complete any legal reforms next year , a top Interior Ministry

Prompt 5000:
Ireland and Britain remained at odds on Monday on how to progress talks on the Irish border with a week to go before London could face failure in persuading European Union leaders to open trade
